you 're asking me out . that 's so cute . what 's your name again ?
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you don 't get out of my way .
i teach her french , get to know her , dazzle her with charm and she falls in love with me .
you humiliated the woman ! sacrifice yourself on the altar of dignity and even the score .
she hates you with the fire of a thousand suns . that 's a direct quote
am i supposed to feel better ? like , right now ? or do i have some time to think about it ?
i think i speak correctly when i say that cameron 's love is pure . purer than say -- joey dorsey 's .
i prefer to think of it simply as an alternative to what the law allows .
they 'll dance , they 'll kiss , they 'll come home . let her go .
what do you wan na watch ? we 've got crap , crap , crap or crap
if god intended our proximity to asia , do you believe he would have waited for you to show it to the world ?
he is a mercenary ! did he not already try to convince the king of portugal of his absurd notions ?
it won 't be easy to get rid of your prophet now , don sanchez .
god ... you 're so beautiful ! i can 't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me ...
utapan , won 't you speak to me ? you used to know how to speak to me .
every ship returns with a cargo of sick and dying . but with no gold ! the new world proves expensive , your majesty .
... but there is worse . he ordered the execution of five members of the nobility ...
... so we kill someone famous and if we are caught , we are sent to mental hospital ...
are you here illegally ? don 't worry about that . we 'll talk to immigration . they won 't deport you .
why 'd you help me back there with the chief ? why 'd you stand up for me like that ?
so tabloids don 't have to do re enactments . they going to have real movie this time .
you really think you 'll be able to fool a jury with this bullshit ? how fuckin ' stupid are you ?
i hope this prick doesn 't run . my knees are killing me . stay behind me .
c'mon . pull the trigger . do it . oh , look , you 're sweating . you don 't have the balls .
listen to me . i don 't want sex . just give me the address and then you go .
just do what i do . say the same thing i say . don 't open your mouth .
you are success story ? i am success story ! why do you say i and not we ?
i 'm sorry , frank , but i don 't think i can answer that question without knowing everything that all of you know .
the unit is still operational , dave . but it will fail within seventy-two hours .
this epidemic could easily spread to our base , dr. floyd . we should be given all the facts .
i know you did , frank , but i assure you there was an impending failure .
hey , don 't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin ' it on ?
i 'll buy ya the best dinner in san francisco ... how 'd that be ? then we 'll go dancin ' , okay ?
i don 't need to hear your jive . i already got that department taken care of ...
you really do have onoe , huh , jack ... what 's her problem besides you ?
i 'm gon na enjoy this ... here , i 'll even loan you my badge .
we 're getting too close ... cates , what 's the matter , you been takin ' dumb pills ?
tell me something . why didn 't you just take the money off luther and split ?
what if your girl 's theory turns out to be bullshit ? i mean , they could be in rio de janeiro .
okay , reggie , start bustin ' my chops ... tell me how great you were with that chick .
i want to be left alone on this one . algren was killed with my gun .
he 's got more brains and more guts in one corner of his asshole than any cop i 've worked with .
this guy must have had a .44 like yours , jack . now he 's got yours .
i almost forgot . that pal of yours from the vice squad wants you to call him .
he was the only one of my bunch that was my friend ... he was loyal , went all the way for you ...
but what happens if instead of this ... ultimate warrior ... it is evil who stands here ?
uh father , i know she 's been through a lot ... but the sacred stones..we don 't have much time..
i got it ! everything here we need to know about fhloston paradise hotel ... and a detailed blueprint of the entire hotel !
you don 't do what i say ... i 'll waste you myself . got it ?
sometimes you can 't learn everything from a screen..sometimes it 's better to ask someone who has experience..
mr. president , let me introduce you to professor mactilburgh , who runs the center .
i 'll get it . it 's in a safe deposit box , in the city ...
you got the guts , tough guy ? gon na kill us all , is that it ?
i don 't know what you 're looking for , mister , but so we 're clear from the start , i 'm straight .
oh , come on , man , what are we doing in this flea bag ?
i ... i shouldn 't take anymore of your time . maybe we can finish tomorrow . i 'll call tomorrow ...
you were right . i didn 't find anything . i 'm going to run and get something to eat . are you hungry ?
i was there in the dream . he took her . it was awful . it was awful ...
no , don 't ! i gave sheila to him and now she 's dead !
alright , let 's assume this whole thing is true . why does freddy all of a sudden need you ?
look , i appreciate what you 're offering , but no . he is my responsibility .
we know you 've been through a lot but there 's more than your feelings at stake here .
no you 're not . you don 't even care about being a mom . how come you don 't think about me ?
good to see you again , mr. grey . i 've got to go find dan .
oh , alice ... no . honey , i love you but you 're going to have to get a hold of yourself ...
look ... we 're all tired . none of us had any sleep since friday night ...
maybe it was her mother who killed her , with all that polly perfect shit .
whoa , slow down . how 're you gon na hide from a guy like that , leave the planet ?
i couldn 't do that , mark . he 's my last link with dan ... no , i want him .
meet me later . milkshakes . cherry pie . banana splits . and no mom !
that club sucks , they card everybody . let 's just party at your place .
dan . and he 's taking alice with him -- pretty good dive yvonne . you 've been practicing .
i don 't hear anything . maybe you 've been down here too long . why don 't you go back up and -
get ready . we shove off as soon as griff reports all the crew aboard .
a mass of jelly-like stuff came out of the thing , and caught our torpedo !
my mission is to study various solar systems , and planets - select the most suitable for colonization -
fresh tracks . deer shit . big one . here 's your buck , mr. twombley . i 'll circle around .
we 're looking for the funniest costume ! and the scariest ! and the most imaginative ! and the best costume of all !
i know what it means . i 'm just running out of ways to use it .
you 're right and i 'll tell you a secret . i know exactly how you feel .
they still have the president , it 's past their deadline and they haven 't called . what do you think it means ?
the world is such a dangerous place and we can 't always protect our children .
mr. caidwell , the ground 's a few miles away . how do you propose getting us from here to there ?
look on the bright side , hon . shep here thinks i 'll be a one termer .
please , mr. president . you 're going to get yourself killed . is that your solution ?
* cbs said they 'll give us four minutes . they thought the russian was a nice touch .
defense and state department in the conference room in one hour . i want to review the iraq situation .
elaine , when are you going to realize simon kurtz put me in here to get me out of the way .
his name 's david stockman . he 's been here twenty years , that 's all he says .
meet me onboard , sweetheart . i have to pick up a few things at the drugstore .
elaine , ask rok for a field interference scan . those sun spots might give us a problem with our communications .
hello , i 'm paul carey from the airline . i 'm here to pick up captain kramer .
yeah , something like that , but as i say , they didn 't have time to tell me very much .
... but after ... awhile ... you begin to ... ... get used to it .
is it ? because of my mistake six men didn 't return from that raid .
it 's a damn good thing he doesn 't know how much i hate his guts .
he 's all over the place ! nine hundred feet up to thirteen hundred feet ! what an asshole !
jack , isn 't that fred bliffert over there in the blue turtleneck ? maybe he 's on our flight to chicago .
sorry , clarence . latest weather report shows everything socked in from salt lake to lincoln .
well , i flew in the war , but that was a long time ago . i wouldn 't know anything about it .
when we picked him up , he was talking to those two cops -- the two who came to question you about hubley .
anyway , what 's it matter to you if we think it 's funny , right ? whatta you care ?
rudyard kipling ? no shit ? listen , we just need a minute of your time ...
i don 't think i could ever learn to read that shit . how long did it take you to learn english ?
your home is quite disordered . i thought perhaps you had been burglarized when i walked in .
human children can be very beautiful . getting married ? congratulations . you will be taking sunday off , then ...
george ... look me in the eye ... george , you don 't ever lie to me again .
set down sixty meters this side of the telemetry mast . immediate dust off on my 'clear , ' then stay on station .
first squad up , on line . hicks , get yours in a cordon . watch the rear .
yes , and i 've read it . you wake up every night , sheets soaking , the same nightmare over and over ...
you sent them out there and you didn 't even warn them , burke . why didn 't you warn them ?
i expected more of you , ripley . i thought you would be smarter than this .
outstanding . then all we need 's a deck of cards . all right , let 's move like we got a purpose .
they learned . they cut the power and avoided the guns . they must have found another way in , something we missed .
you can 't help them . right now they 're being cocooned just like the others .
this signal 's weird ... must be some interference or something . there 's movement all over the place ...
the analysis team which went over your shuttle centimeter by centimeter found no physical evidence of the creature you describe ...
excuse me , wolfi . mama is not feeling very well . can we leave now ?
tomorrow night i dine with the emperor . one word from me and the post is his .
i regret we have no servants to show you out , herr salieri . respect my wish and go .
i am sorry , madame , but no ! i can not let anyone pass .
and now he has returned the compliment . herr salieri composed that march of welcome for you .
i don 't understand . there are just as many notes , majesty , as are required . neither more nor less .
thank you . that 'll be fine . don 't spend any money on me .
yes , papa , name it . name it . i 'll do anything you say !
are you saying that someone is paying you to be our maid and doesn 't want us to know who he is ?
never mind , strudel . it 's part of music , getting used to an audience . aren 't i right , herr mozart ?
what you think , mozart , is scarcely the point . it is what his majesty thinks that counts .
mozart ! herr mozart , may i have a word with you please . right away .
well , actually , sire , if you remember , we did finally incline to italian .
oh , by the way , give him this . this is his share . that should cheer him up , eh ?
here , gladys , tom . did you hear the one about the crashing plane ?
the forensic lads seem to feel that some sort of animal was involved , that 's true , but i hardly think ...
personally , i think you 're getting panic-stricken about nothing . dickson 's all right .
you know dickson as well as we do . he 'll shut the doors before he gives up control .
don 't be a fool , cluett . this is only going to make it worse for you .
helen , while you 're downtown , you might stop in and make reservations for the bridal suite on the berengaria sailing next week .
that 's what he says . i got a man from headquarters checking up on it now .
we can 't keep open till four o'clock . we haven 't cash enough to last an hour .
say , i just heard the merger isn 't going thru . isn 't that grand ?
listen here , young man - nobody ever called me a liar yet and got away with it
but i wasn 't here , mr. dickson . honest i wasn 't . . .
you 're carrying too much money on you , hank . you better turn some in tonight .
here 's liberty 's favorite son ! i 'll never forget what you did , cousin .
my plan of lying here pissing myself seems to be working mighty fine , thank you .
cole , i want to get to the farm , make sure little jim and the girls are okay .
`` the fidelity bank and trust was robbed on tuesday by a gang of twenty heavily armed men . ''
you know , you gettin ' caught , right after leaving us , some people thought --
wait 'll we get back to missouri , start telling those gals about how little jesse james charged the whole union army by himself !
every time i put my head up to hit that gatling , they try to shoot it off .
i don 't think it 's counterfeit . do you mind if i take a look at all your real bills to compare ?
pardon the delay , folks , but we had to get mad bob younger under control !
the lord says we can bury 'em out back in the orchard , nobody 'll ever find them .
look at this , pinkerton ! they got the payroll , and this damage will set construction back two months at least .
see ? happy ? you dumb bitch ? are you happy , you dumb bitch ?
you have a really nice place here ... paul . how much did you pay for it ?
pat , this is my cousin vanden and her boyfriend stash . he 's an artist .
by the way davis , how is cynthia ? you 're still seeing her , right ?
it 's definitely weak but i have a feeling if we do enough of it we 'll be okay .
yes , caron 's right . gorbachev 's not downstairs . he 's at tunnel .
i 'm looking for ... i guess you could say i just want to have a meaningful relationship with someone special .
and don 't forget you have a breakfast meeting with frederick bennet and charles rust at '21 .
do you remember where you were on the night of paul 's disappearance ? which was on the twentieth of december ?
so , wasn 't rothschild originally handling the fisher account ? how did you get it ?
i can 't help it . i feel like they 'd do anything to keep their --
i mean , if one little comment from gary is gon na upset you this much --
could work with a new switch . there may be a few more things hidden .
i hope you know what you mean to me . not just because of what you 're doing . because of who you are .
so , when you were talking about wishing people were more like computers . was that then ? or now ?
i know why you 're so secretive . why you won 't let anybody near you . i know what he did to you .
here 's the number of my dentist , he 's first rate . ring him up , he 'll look after you .
first , i plan to soil myself . then , i plan to regroup and think about the next move . any thoughts ?
hi , folks . you 're entering a restricted zone . can i see your security badges ?
breathtaking , frau . these automated strumpets are the perfect bait for the degenerate powers .
um , dr . evil , prince charles did have an affair . he admitted it , and they are now divorced , actually .
don 't you think we should ask for more than a million dollars ? a million dollars isn 't that much money these days .
i just think , like , he hates me . i really think he wants to kill me .
london . the world council of ministers meets soon on global defence . if you can control the weather , you control the world .
you know what i mean . this car -- and you . nobody walks around like that . milk ?
elementary , mrs. peel . trubshaw isn 't the only shoemaker still practicing his trade ...
very well . i have a friend who might be of assistance . he 's at the ministry . we 'd better be careful .
think of it as special assignment , mrs. peel . with a twist . you 're our chief suspect .
under the circumstances mother didn 't see fit , but i think i can get you in ...
i 'm totally blown away . you 're getting married . it seems like only yesterday i showed you how to have oral sex .
yeah , man . let 's throw a bachelor party with drugs , booze and broads .
i don 't get it , but at least gary 's got the real stuff coming up here in a few minutes .
yes , gentlemen . saturday after next , i lose my amateur standing and turn pro .
i 'm using the same caterer for the shower i had for our christmas party last year .
ed , we 're so glad you could come over at the last minute and judge our little beauty pageant .
wait a minute . you been living with debbie ! why do you want to get married ?
rick , hit the ball easier , son . you don 't have to kill it .
girls , why don 't we go inside for lunch . boys , would you mind bringing in that lemonade ?
i 'm getting one heck of a glare off your dress there . could you undo a few buttons ?
i don 't get it . why didn 't you go for it just now ?
i don 't know ... go up to her , make like you don 't know her and send her into the other bedroom .
oh ... it 's ... er ... the guys from the beer convention . we 're bringing them to the party .
... what do you want me to do , stephen ? talk to me . what am i supposed to do ?
look , brian , a photographer . maybe i can get on the cover of life magazine , too .
you 're his lt. , stephen ... are you gon na handle it ? are you stephen ?
well , if nothing else , it 's nice to know we can still be friends .
brian mccaffrey ... oh this is really a treat . brian mccaffrey . lost a dad to the animal , huh ?
well that 's two things to strangle stephen for . where is he , anyway ?
your brother 's right . if you don 't fasten these correctly they could open and you 'd get burned .
fuck strawberry . you 're gon na end up owing 60 g to a homicidal maniac !
damn , sis , you don 't keep no food up in here in dis ' piece .
we ran out without my shoes and the floor . i got ta get my stuff . what about our savings ?
protest finally forced `` amos and andy '' off the air . could stop us from ever getting on .
maybe something happened to them . maybe they 're lying in an alley bleed to death .
i want to apologize about my brother and the mau-mau 's . i should not have imposed them on you .
nice to meet you . if you don 't mind me asking you - how old are you ?
good morning , private james . please come in . i should like you to meet my uncle , herr minister of police galgenstein .
dorothy might love me or not , as she likes , but best will have to fight me before he marries her !
i promise your lordship a good flogging if you even so much as go to doolan 's farm to see him .
don 't like 'em , don 't eat 'em , don 't make no damn difference to me .
hey , i -- holy fuck ... holy fuck , what the fuck did you guys do ?
shut the fuck up , you fucking faggot , you just shut the fuck up .
we finished the course and came here , then heard an explosion -- where 's pike ?
you ... i 've seen you around the base . but you ... you 're not army , are you ?
okay . i think that 's it . he rises and walks to the door .
epileptic attacks are murder on your system . rattle your internal organs like a paint mixer .
this is warrant officer julia osborne , the closest thing we have to an in- house investigator .
he 's not done by a longshot , i can get more out of him --
remember , he 's the son of a senator , so go easy . kid gloves .
i just ... he came back for kendall . i don 't think he 's capable of murder .
he couldn 't kick you out so he wanted you to quit on your own .
you become what you always were . a very big fish . and that 's the way it happens .
i don 't know if you 've seen it , but josephine has some photos in the most recent newsweek .
and how was the flight . sorry , am i speaking too fast for you ?
look it . i got somethin ' for us . this is gon na help , okay .
do you call it a game when only one man win each time ? i think you call it a damn shame .
mm . mm . now these eggs got some kick to it . what'chu got in this ?
there you go , preacher man . get me drunk so i don 't stick my foot up yo ass .
yeah , you know you home , old man . you just walked through the door .
goddamn it , i ask you a question , you better answer it , or i 'm gon na blast a hole in ya !
... it 's not like you were slow or anything ... i think you did just fine . i think you did great .
... we got to keep looking . track him down ! great balls of fire !
nick , no one 's seen kobo in three days . he might not even be in tokyo .
you know where i can get a decent cup of coffee this time of night ? i 'm buying .
you lost a man we wanted for some time . it was very incompetent on your part , officer .
can 't thank you enough , mr. sebastian . if you hadn 't come along ...
yeah . it might be better if we talk in private , sebastian . why don 't you go home .
i wouldn 't accept it . also , i 'd report the person who gave it to me to the police .
last question . you 're watching an old movie . it shows a banquet in progress , the guests are enjoying raw oysters .
already had i.q . test this year -- but i don 't think i never had a ...
you 're in a desert , walking along in the sand when all of a sudden you look down and see a ...
the key to my hotel room ! i want you to have my baseball cards ! and please be sure to pay my bill !
i 'm sorry ! i said something wrong , didn 't i ! please forgive me !
yeah , right ! that 's where you 'd go to find girls ! nome . he 's gay , by the way .
he 's going to kill himself . go skate out on the bike path ! it 's that way !
adam ... dumb question , but humor me . have you ever had sex before ?
helen-thomas-webber ! maybe we have been down here a little too long ! please excuse her french .
i 'm sorry . i took the lord 's name in vain again , didn 't i ? i 'm so sorry .
sir ? i would really appreciate it if you wouldn 't take the lord 's name in vain again .
and lord we ask finally that you send an angel to look after and protect our beloved son , adam . amen .
what are you going to do ? go over to her place and kick in the door ?
good god ... you don 't think there really is a bomb shelter , do you ?
i think it 's important not to get depressed . depression is a terrible thing . they say it can bring on illness .
frank , he didn 't mean it . leave him alone . come on . he didn 't mean it .
i should never had gotten you going on this . yes jeffrey . friday 's on !
well , we could try the bag over the head thing . walk you right out the front .
hold this shit for us , doc . we 'll be comin back for it when we get out .
all right , love ya ma . listen , before ya go just give us the goods , eh ?
listen fellas , y'know he 's got 'til this week 's end . ya don 't have ta be hard asses , do ya ?
no ! fuck you ! you start getting excited ! we got ta fucking go !
it 's only 11:00 here boys so i got lot 's more drinkin ' ta do with your worthless relatives down at the anvil .
well , truth be known , those first ones just kinda fell into our laps .
now . one thing we need to discuss is timing . timing is absolutely crucial . what are you doing ? anthony !
dignan , i can 't get my hair cut . that 's just not possible , all right ?
you know , your form is for shit , but you 've got a hell of a talent .
and you 're wrong if you think , i 'd turn my back on a friend .
will you guys shut up ? god . it 's like having two little kids in the car .
no , i know . i 'm just saying . i feel fine . you want a piece of cake ?
he left yesterday on the night train . he 's probably just getting in now . you 'll have to hurry .
we write them down because sooner or later you 're going to remember something good .
god , i miss you . i don 't know what to do without you .
a wise plan . and how is your father ? we have missed him at the council .
i still say this is no test . a catapult can throw a stone farther than a man can .
can you do it when it matters ? as it matters in battle ? could you crush a man with that throw ?
a meeting in a barn . it had to be a trap . and only you would know i would be aware of it .
i 'm no coward ! i want what you want ! but we need the nobles .
that 's why i wanted you to come here , evan . dr. redfield already has a background in memory loss .
now your father may seem sleepy to you , but that 's just because of his medicine , okay ?
okay , doc . what 's the damage ? how much time have i got ?
so when i 'm out , i need you to watch my face and hands closely .
hello , evan . it 's very nice to meet you . he 's as handsome as his father .
okay . then go a little forward in time . what do you see now ?
it 's a little complicated . i haven 't seen results exactly like these before .
this is where we 're finding most of the hemorrhaging . the outer lining of the cerebral cortex .
just by absorbing the first worm into its cellular structure , it gets all of the worm 's memories .
we should go soon . if dad catches us smoking down here , we 're dead .
it 's not your fault . mrs. kagan called dad and blamed us for what happened to lenny .
oh , i thought you were my eight o'clock . make it fast , i 'm expecting someone .
you know how spiritual he 's gotten ever since he saved mrs. halpern and katie .
easy does it , evan ! don 't be a bad boy or i 'll tell mommy you were naughty .
it 's okay . i won 't bite . you 've seen pictures of me , right ?
are you okay ? you looked like you were somewhere else for a second there .
you put the mommy too far away . mrs. boswell has macaroni and glue if you wan na fix it .
excuse me , but you look like a couple who are on their way to america .
the police break up our meeting . herr rick ! we escaped in the last moment .
that 's why i came over here to give them a chance to ransack my place .
i will stay here and keep on trying . i 'm sure in a little while --
we 've decided , signor ferrari . for the present we 'll go on looking for two exit visas . thank you very much .
it was gracious of you to share it with me . good day , mademoiselle , monsieur .
richard , they 'll find out your record . it won 't be safe for you here .
i 'm sorry i was in no condition to receive you when you called on me last night .
all the same , someday you 'll lie to laszlo . you 'll be there .
yes , yes i know . victor , whatever i do , will you believe that i , that --
let us say that it is my request . that is a much more pleasant word .
i am making out the report now . we haven 't quite decided whether he committed suicide or died trying to escape .
i 'm sure you 'll excuse me if i am not gracious , but you see , major strasser , i 'm a czechoslovakian .
oh , there is no hurry . tonight he 'll be at rick 's . everybody comes to rick 's .
especially so tonight , major . in a few minutes you will see the arrest of the man who murdered your couriers .
rick is completely neutral about everything . and that takes in the field of women , too .
you see , captain , the situation is not as much under control as you believe .
you know , i think now i shall pay a call on yvonne , maybe get her on the rebound , eh ?
well , you were asking about rick and here he is . mademoiselle , may i present --
well , ricky . i 'm very pleased with you . now you 're beginning to live like a frenchman .
you 'll excuse me , gentlemen . your business is politics . mine is running a saloon .
this sort of takes the sting out of being occupied , doesn 't it , mr. richard ?
and getting closer every minute . here . drink up . we 'll never finish the other three .
you know , wilson , every now and then we should say thank you . thank you god .
well , i have to say , i 'm impressed . you never gave up .
did you really steal a crippled kid 's bicycle to make your deliveries , or is that just some bullshit story ?
all that time i waited to go on a cruise , and you went without me .
you hated being alone . couldn 't stand it . busy every minute . always plugged into something .
look , i help take care of the place . you got my check , didn 't you mom ?
mom , this is a farm . we 've got real strawberries growing outside , we 've got real cream .
i 've got all this back pay coming . why don 't you let me get you a place in town ?
what a journey you 've had . it seems more than a person should have to bear .
what do you expect , from the guy who stole a kid 's bicycle when his truck broke down ?
you 've been over the line and you came back . you 've been saved , hallelujah !
i 'm serious . the burning bush , the big picture , the words in neon ...
it 's not ergot , it 's not pituitary extract , it 's not oil of rue ...
homer , you know i would never kill anyone -- you know i wouldn 't .
good night , kids . don 't catch cold -- it 's gettin ' cold already .
i 'm a little worried about the ... ... about how much bleeding is okay .
you have to come to my dad 's lobster pound and see one , then .
first she loved him , then she didn 't , then no one else could have him ...
the screen is enormous ! imagine king kong up *there* ! have you seen a lot of movies here ?
you can trust me . is it jack ? it 's not jack , is it ? it 's *muddy* ! is it muddy ?
what lousy luck -- i mean your orders ... to draw an assignment like that !
uh , look ... if you 're serious about wanting a job , picking apples isn 't that boring .
it 's big enough to keep you out of the war , i suppose . ain 't that right ?
i thought you took care of this . it always breaks in the same place . it 's your splice , isn 't it ?
i think wally will be fine , mrs. worthington -- he seems indestructible to me .
thanks , guys ... i 'd like to go with you . but i 've got to move on .
what i mean is , if you don 't want to ... keep the baby , i know a place where you can go .
why don 't you just go back to your pickin ' , homer ? i can take care of it myself !
where 's your manners ? make room for homer , so 's he can enjoy the view .
don 't let us make you nervous or nothin ' -- we know you got ta job to do .
that what happen -- you lost you only daughter so 's you killed yourself ! that 's what we say , all right .
but i 'm not that late . you didn 't have to give away my seat .
uh , right ... and that was it . that 's when we decided to start our own business . no more shithead bosses .
same thing with playing a con . you have to be able to see that deep .
alright ... turn around . she doesn 't get shit , unless i get that money . where is it ?
this might just be me , but that is hands down , the dumbest fucking idea i 've ever heard .
poor bastard never knew what hit him . jesus , i almost felt sorry for the guy .
that 's it ? what are you talking about ? we can still do this !
uh ... no thanks . i 'm not going all the way to brooklyn for a hundred dollar pay-off .
we 're going to make it back , grant . three or four times over .
then he had to bang it out across the street at the bank of the caymens ...
kennedy . international terminal . gordo with a black suitcase . you got moonan under control ?
what brings you down from boston , jake ? taking advantage of the long weekend ?
we have work . it pays a lot . unless you figure on getting rich lifting wallets while old guys feel you up .
what do you get , lily ? finder 's fee ? because it is all about the money , right ?
what you 're looking for in a mark is someone who 's weakness you can exploit .
i understand that , but i had my wallet stolen last night . is there any way.. ?
and like in a game of chess , you 've played every possible move in your head ...
if you feds are so hot for him , why don 't we just bring him in right now ?
like we told you before , we think he 's into something with the king pin --
reynolds got a doctor in . they forced me to take a dope test . it was positive . as you knew .
when you get home , i 'm asleep . when i leave home , you 're asleep .
i 'm sorry , madam , we don 't accept gratuities in the uk . it 's different in south africa .
i 'm going over the river . i 'll give you a lift if you like .
everything sounds fine , bomb . dropping you off in sixty seconds . good luck .
or we can work on your face with a pair of pliers for a couple of hours and you tell us where she is .
i never woulda done it . probably not , anyway . i mean , i actually think you 're pretty cool .
see what you don 't know is you 're already in the last two minutes of your life .
'cause you went out the back door and nailed her girlfriend ? who would take offense to that ?
gold leaf , art nouveau , french , early nineteen hundreds ... i could probably fence this for three or four grand .
expensive gifts , surprise late-night visits , over-the-top flattery ... you always come on this strong ?
you tell theo he 's not in tomorrow he can start looking for another job .
sure , i have . but not one with ice in it , that 's all .
coming dad . i 'll call you . soon as we get a phone . bye .
so , are you , like , gon na polish our nobs , or what ?
you call that john travolta/denny terio shit dancing ? i wouldn 't dance like that in private if you paid me .
jeezis , hawk , can you at least keep it within twenty miles of the speed limit ?
if he offers you a slice , you 're not the least bit hungry , check ?
don 't you think we should at least pull over and offer to clean it off ?
i 'm sorry , guys . i thought it was a nice thing to do .
that 's some sick shit right there . did she comb your ass hair for you too ?
about fuckin ' time if you ask me . i 'm just going through the motions till i drop out anyway .
man , that weed knocked christine on her ass . she 's sleeping like a baby stella .
please , sir , don 't kick my ass ! i 'll do anything to get out of a beating !
i should go . for physics . monnitoff says i have to write an essay on the greatest invention ever to benefit mankind .
oh , yeah . `` the philosophy of time travel '' . what is this ?
i 'm so scared ... i just keep thinking that something awful has happened . it 's my fucking stepdad . i know it .
will you still be working at yarn barn ? 'cause that 's a great place to raise children .
oh , please tell me , elizabeth , how exactly does one suck a fuck ?
donnie darko , perhaps , given your recent brush with mass destruction , you can give us your opinion ?
excuse me ... but what is the real issue here ? the pta doesn 't ban books from school .
if you want seconds , then i 'll make sure it 's hot enough for ya .
oh-jesus-mary-n-joseph , she 's pregnant ! if you are -- come back , sweetie . mommy wants to talk , then kill you !
do you think that most people would say that teenage beauty pageants are a good idea ?
hey ! turn that float around . you think a swan 's gon na swim ass first up main street ?
iris , stop ! it 's not his fault . the communal wine just proves too temptin ' for some of them .
oh , there 's a parking space over there . oh , no , that 's just a compact . sorry .
wait a minute . what kind of an army do you think we oughtta have ?
i 'm glad i didn 't ask you for `` washington crossing the delaware '' .
he 's going to make a good spy ... that 's not bad for the first day .
this has gone far enough ! this interruption is humiliating , to say the least ...
i shall report this indignity the my president . mrs. teasdale , i feel this regrettable occurrence will plunge our countries into war .
don 't you think this is a bit premature ? we don 't have the backing yet to ...
i want you to know that i don 't go about giving my pictures to just anyone .
why , my dear mrs. mothershead , how good of you to join us . mr. merrick , will you please introduce yourself ?
no john , i can 't . i can care for you , but i can 't cure you .
good morning , mr. treves . it 'll be his bath-time soon . has he eaten ?
so you see , john , there 's no need for a lighthouse . all your friends are here .
no ! no ! we are in the spell of the horn ! hatred will destroy us .
but ... how is it you can see me ? you can all see me ?
er ... well ... we ... we ... would be terribly grateful if you ... all ... would sing for us .
so halfdan the black 's using magic , is he ? well , i have a magic to match his !
and you , sven , aren 't you afraid of crossing the rainbow bridge to asgaard ?
we must blow the first note ... he note that will take us to asgaard ...
and if you have to kill somebody , kill them ! don 't stop to think about it .
maybe you need to look at this as a sign to move on . just make a clean break .
i 'm sorry naomi couldn 't make it . you okay ? you seem quiet .
look , i 'm very sorry i came off sort of nutso . i 'm not really .
i would like you to call me . would you do that ? i would like that .
how could she have done this to me ? how could anyone do this to anyone ?
they found us before . the plan didn 't work . i don 't know what to do now .
right ! she called me an old lady here , too ! and i remember , i said ...
i can 't . i have to go home . i 'll do it later .
naomi , i really value our relationship . i hope it 's possible for us to stay in touch .
this book -- it 's essential that people read it because -- -- it 's the truth . and only i know it .
but that 's an old story now ... ... i can 't believe that you would leave the butte .
well , if the clock people give you any inside information on the end of the world , drop us a postcard .
every time i tell you that i love you , you flinch . but that 's your problem .
you still need the rope ? i thought you were one a those spacemen with ice in ya veins .
to conserve our oxygen , we should severely restrict our activity . anyone who can should get some sleep .
everything 's been shut down . conserving power , i guess . green light on the hull , it 's intact .
i can run the image through a series of filters , try to clean it up .
easy , peters , we 're okay , we 're okay . let 's finish the sweep .
we don 't get the power back , our air 's gon na go bad .
if you miss me , you 'll blow out the hull . you 'll die too .
proximity warning ! 900 , 800 meters , 700 ... we 're right on top of it , we 're gon na hit !
... you break all the laws of physics , you think there won 't be a price ? you already killed the first crew ...
we 're past the outer marker , we can engage the ion drive whenever you 're ready .
tuck yourself into a crouched position , shut your eyes as tight as you can !
what if the air has gone bad ? we can 't wear these suits forever .
could it be the crew ? if they were in suspended animation , wouldn 't that effect the scan ?
justin said something about , `` the dark inside me ... '' what did he mean ?
such a sad face ... you know , sometimes being different isn 't a bad thing .
i can only stay for one drink , ben . i 've got to meet with victor .
he couldn 't generate enough power for the machine to reach critical mass . yet another mistake for `` mr . fantastic . ''
soon as i 'm back , i 'm gon na trade that in for a bigger rock .
good thing it ain 't workin ... reed , what are we doing here ? this guy 's fast-food , strip-mall science --
time for your lesson , vic . chem 101 : what happens when you supercool hot metal ... ? ben ...
ben , i 've been crunching the numbers on the machine . i think if we can rework the power settings ...
what the hell you smiling at ? just keep your mouth shut , and your mind on those smbs --
victor 's right . johnny , get to the command center . close the shields .
he 's right . these costumes are ... missing something . i can 't put my finger on it --
sir , i 've always wondered ... why sue ? you could have any woman in the world but --
material made from self-regulating unstable molecules . i 've been working on a formula for this .
you should be able to bend light around other objects , even people , if you could control your emotional state better --
i could get ben to tap into the baxter 's main power to generate enough voltage --
you back this mission , and i 'll sign over a fair percentage of any applications or --
got it . so take a walk , ben ... i 'm going to borrow susan for a second .
i 'm starting to wonder the same thing ... how much do you know about what happened to you ?
he 's working round the clock . but the data needs to be tested , analyzed before --
if these molecules aren 't stable , they could make us worse , maybe even kill us .
i 'm just glad we 're still together , lisa , because i need you this year .
mister , if you don 't shut up , i 'm gon na kick 100 % of your ass .
come on . clean that counter off brad . let 's go . play ball .
listen . i feel pretty strange here . because mark really likes you , and he 's my friend .
i want you to know that it 's your final decision if we should continue or not .
i hear you brought a film clip with you . do you want to set it up for us ?
merv , this is the action down at sunset cliffs at about six in the morning .
what 's going through your mind right here , jeff ? the danger of it all ?
don 't you think it meant anything to him . even if i am fifteen ?
stacy ! i 've got water in my ears . do you have any q-tips ?
god , stacy , it 's not that sad . it 's just david soul and ricardo montalban .
i checked the register for this man thompson . we don 't show him but i figured he might be part of your team .
cut their goddamn heads off . every one of them . that 's what we 're doing in california .
thanks for the ride . thanks a lot . i like you guys . don 't worry about me .
he said he understood , but i could see in his eyes that he didn 't . he was lying to me .
savage henry has cashed his check ! we 're going to rip his lungs out !
have you made a deal with him ? did you put him on to her ?
listen , she 's running away from home for something like the fifth time in six months . it 's terrible .
sure . it 's all on the q.t. , but everybody who matters is with us all the way down the line .
man i 'll try about anything ; but i 'd never touch a pineal gland .
alright , alice ... you 'll be contacted by inspector rock . arthur rock . he 'll be posing as a politician .
there was nothing in the atmosphere of the north star to put me on my guard ...
please ... please ... i 'm only the maid . i didn 't mean nothin ! ...
the dope ring . you must know what 's going on in this hotel . why do you think we 're here ?
come on , baby don 't try to tell us you never heard of the grange gorman .
my god damn foot is gone ! who fuckin ' shot me ? who fuckin ' shot me ! ?
don 't bullshit me ! if you know a way out of this place and you 're holding out --
i 'd love to be macho , but this is a pants wetter from all angles .
i 'm telling ya , you got the cloth too deep , you 're asking for it .
this one will just stun ya , but this one will put ya to sleep .
if there is only one way out for us , there is only one way in for them .
... until finally your mother finds it necessary to commit you to a state mental institution . were you mentally ill , frances ?
it always amazes me , lil , how you can whip up a hot , hearty meal out of thin air .
that 's the nature of all progress , william . don 't let your brother sway you otherwise .
you 're awake . i 've prepared some broth . it 'll help restore you .
it 's just this place . the storm . that 's why you 're all upset .
and it 's this place . it makes no sense , but it spooks me .
you ever fire one of those bows again , and i 'll tack you up on the wall to dry .
no wonder they lost america . how could you sneak around in the bushes wearing that ? what 's to eat ?
steve taught me how to use the emergency generator . the town power lines are supposed to be real shitty .
doctor . now , if you were a flavor of ice cream , what would you be ?
unless you two wiseacres wan na be introduced to the joys of hitchhiking , what say we drop this ?
we did our part , we gotcha in mexico . now it 's time for your part , letting us go .
sir , i want you to know that i had nothing to do with any of this . not this article , not --
banditos on the east perimeter ! 150 yards ! shit , she was part of it !
the commission concluded that the aviator in question failed to execute a proper approach to the carrier .
jordan . i always hoped we 'd get together -- though just now i 'm gearing up for a child-care vote that --
really don 't wan na be captured , el- tee . heard some bad things .
miller . thought the guy was made of depleted uranium . really didn 't expect to lose him .
i 'm sorry , o'neil . but as class officer , it 's my obligation to report all violations .
if not , firing will only give away our position to hostiles in the area . now how smart is that ?
females in combat situations impact unit cohesion . men fight better without women around . and that is an historical fact .
well , who the shit you think you are ? comin ' in here like that ?
can 't live with them , can 't kill them . what 's the point ?
audrey ? ! is that you ? hi , hello . you look , wow , uh , how 've you been ?
well , obviously these tests weren 't designed for this but fundamentally they 're looking for the same hormonal patterns that would indicate pregnancy .
the network is on an intranet . it 's a direct feed into our computer system .
if the military are listening , they must immediately destroy this building before they can escape .
and i 'm supposed to remind you to call him on all of caiman 's expense p.o . 's .
i can 't believe he put the moves on me . after everything i 've done for him .
four years . girl , i 'm surprised he didn 't ask you to marry him .
evacuate manhattan ? that 's over three million people . has that ever been done before ?
you didn 't answer my question . in fact , for the last 18 hours no one has answered any of my questions .
look , i may work for the nuclear regulatory commission but accidents and spills are not my field .
we think there 's a strong reason to believe it may be hiding inside one of the buildings within the sequestered area .
organize a search party . i want a complete sweep of the entire city and subway system .
so why all the secrecy ? why aren 't you guys working with the us military ?
hundreds dead , all so you could play at being the commander . ' you 've murdered us all you egomaniacal sonofabitch !
look at that ... will you look at that ... they look like little children ...
wait , the pig lizard is gone . why are they still chanting for the pig lizard ?
where the hell is he ? an hour and a half late . an hour and a half !
... to make sure craft service keeps those little butter cookies , and plenty of them-
what do you think , george , shall i resign ? it 's what they want .
they love reed and his inquisition ! i think they hope to share in his disgusting profits ! it 's becoming the american way !
colonel , sir , mrs. washington inquires if you are going to join her for dinner ?
wil , i want to remind you of a conversation we started just before monmouth ...
general lee , welcome back . i 'm happy you 've decided to join us .
i am to take command of major general lafayette 's division and lead the attack .
general washington , is there actually going to be a compromise , i mean , a 'deal ' with england ?
they 're among the best divisions the british have . no conscripts , no impressed recruits , just professional killers .
i was a clerk 's apprentice on saint croix . but , then i went to king 's college .
it 's impossible to stop these men deserting in winter , you might as well stop geese from migrating .
with your support , horatio . as one of our own who has seen combat with the british , your opinion counts .
you won 't be needing his largess , rhode island is already committed to your appointment .
colonel charles lee ... hounds and all . quite the character . he 's got a tremendous reputation .
my god ... they mean to finish us . what about arnold ? he 's up there .
but , as usual , it will not go well for ... them . martha , you must trust me .
i certainly didn 't mean you . of course you are a gentleman , an officer and a gentleman .
think what the play means , william . perhaps these words have a place in the real world .
you are a slave owner ! you have been illegally surveying lands beyond the ohio valley ! that land belongs to the natives !
is that your test of patriotism , george ; if a man will die for you ?
i heard in the federal joints they let you spend an extra five minutes at the glass with your daddy on father 's day .
hell , why not just shoot her ? why not shoot everybody . fuckin ' shoot me . shoot the fuckin ' president ?
i can 't believe the way you guys do business out here . i can 't believe how fucked up your organization is .
okay . then be good enough to hand us our money back , or you think about us coming in on this new one .
where 's leo devoe ? where 's chili palmer ? where 's my fuckin ' money ?
you a quick draw ... 'bro ? ' you better be , your piece stuck way down in your belt like that .
jesus , if i have a heart attack , i hope you know what to do .
it 's the kind of situation , you don 't pay , you get your legs broken .
without him . the guy 's so out of it he doesn 't even know it 's gone .
okay , harry , i 'm wrong . you 're not the one he 's setting up .
maybe i oughta talk to this ray bones character myself . see if he wants to invest in my movie .
but you won 't know where i am . i don 't even know where i 'll be .
this thing 's actually accurate . i bought it for ten bucks from a kid in a lawn chair on sunset ...
a locker at the airport ? jesus christ , harry . tell me you 're not really that stupid .
harry , what 're you doing ? you 're supposed to be in the hospital .
momo could buy it , i could run it for him . show some cagney films .
well , aren 't you gon na offer me whatever it is you taste like ?
that miami flight that went down , it was on the news every day for about a week . harry must 've been busy .
what i 'm saying , harry , is i want you and your new buddy to get out of my house .
hi , sweetface . you look great . and mmmmm , you smell good , too .
i have to consider , i mean , as the mob guy , this is another man 's wife i 'm sleeping with .
are you crazy ? do you realize we got ourselves a ship ? we own a ship , dodge .
yeah , but not as cold as those swedish girls you only gon na dream about .
when they find out what it 's carrying , they may not be so interested in what 's legal .
you 'd think on a ship this size there 'd be something left to eat .
if this thing turns out to be a ship everybody thought sank a long time ago , we just hit the jackpot .
other than the obvious , there 's nothing wrong with him that i can see , not on the outside .
it 's a bloody navigation hazard . one boat can 't control a ship that size .
with a little extra fuel , weather permitting , we should make sitka in five days without another stop .
obviously it 's some kind of screw up . the shipping records aren 't a hundred percent accurate .
didn 't happen yesterday , i 'll tell you that . torn parts rusted bad as the rest of the boat .
you got ta be kidding ? what the hell we need that tub for , we got fifty million bucks ?
i 'm buyin ' me a nice outrigger . spend my time hauling rich seattle business men through the puget .
dreamin 's all any of you 're gon na be doing if we don 't get this boat running .
if he 's reasonable , maybe we can make some kind of deal . if not . we 'll have to re-consider our options .
tomorrow we 'll see if we can 't find some line and tackle . use some of those bodies below decks for bait .
i don 't even want to know what that 's gon na taste like now .
i can 't believe you . dodge 's dead and all you can think about is cashing in your share .
the law 's on our side . if they want to challenge it , let them try .
maybe they didn 't want it back . maybe the whole fat deal was insured .
it 's a good bet they 'll be asking a lot of questions when they get here too .
all we got to do is hit some rough weather and you can forget about it .
if they thought it was lost at sea , they probably just wrote it off .
yeah , but we still got ta haul that big piece of shit all the way back to sitka .
fifty million four ways . that 's twelve million and change a piece . what you gon na do with your share , skipper ?
hey , it 's nearly nine already - we 're gon na have to leave now if we 're going to make that movie .
why do you even need a ride ? you could walk there in two minutes .
what are you talking about ? what kind of loser gets fired after one day ? !
i wonder if you really like all these old records or if you only like the fact that nobody else likes them ?
that 's dana 's - i 'm supposed to be saving it for our two-month anniversary . you better not --
i really want to talk to you . i 've been thinking about what you said about moving in here ...
this is supposed to be salvation ? what kind of idiocy are we dealing with here ?
a man-eater attacks and you 're such a buffoon you almost forget to mention it ?
where could it have gone ? how could it get across the water ? they 're only lions , yes ?
three years i 've worked for the railroad . now i don 't know why . it seemed a good idea once .
we 'll be very sorry to lose you . perhaps i could take you to lunch today ?
i think we hit the honeypot , boys . there 's something brewing under the street .
before you go running to the newspapers with this , would you consider telling this slime thing to some people downtown ?
you 're really good with children , louis . i can tell . why don 't you come here and sit with me ?
motherhood is a very natural instinct for me . i 'd like to have a baby myself . wouldn 't you ?
you know , i never got to ask you . where you from , johnny ?
sustained . mr. tully , do you have anything to ask this witness that may have some bearing on this case ?
boys , listen . you 're scaring the straights . let 's save this until tomorrow , okay ?
hey , i didn 't imagine it . there must have been ten thousand gallons of it down there .
oh good , you 're here . spengler and i have something really amazing to show you .
i think we 're going to have to pass on the sewer trip , boys . let me know what you find out .
my great-grandparents were swiss . i still have the pictures they took of the statue from the boat when they arrived .
that 's it , ray . i 've had it . no more parties . i 'm tired of taking abuse from over-privileged nine-year-olds .
it better not start yet . i 'm trying to finish my potholder before lunch .
how deep does it get ? that water 's cold and i can 't swim .
... and then i opened the door again but it was gone . there was nothing there .
no , just that one word -- zuul -- but i have no idea what it means .
have you ever thought of moving out -- at least until this disturbance blows over ?
this is going to cost you , you know . our fees are ridiculously high .
why don 't you step into the office and we 'll talk about it . hold all my calls , janine .
here 's the paper on the brooklyn job . she paid with a visa card .
just for your information , ray , the interest payments alone for the first five years come to over $ 75,000 .
generally , you don 't see that kind of behavior in a major appliance . what do you think , egon ?
you know , peter , this could be a past life experience intruding on the present .
i just realized something . we 've never had a completely successful test with any of the equipment .
why don 't i check out the building ? it may have a history of psychic turbulence .
quite so . narcissus and his courageous men ; may they live long to serve rome ...
it 's disgusting ! animals ! i had to come here under armed guard . slaves -- get this junk out of my sight .
lykas , pick a man . someone who will look good . jerses i want it built up in the daily action ...
i back rome against all her enemies -- if that answer disappoints you , i 'm not a politician ...
i would say there 's nothing more dangerous than a man who knows what 'right ' is .
gods of hell ! this must cost a fortune ! how many days is this going to go on ?
gladly , caesar . and , if you 'd like we can take you for a tour of the front at first light .
this is the only place in rome where i thought -- i believed -- i was wholly in power .
why isn 't he dead ? damn you , you promised me he would be dead !
i would venture , with all respect : the emperor 's health is the business of every soul in the empire .
tiger 's challenged you and jerses has made me an offer , made us both an offer : you take a fall .
benjamin , when you came up here , what did you think was going to happen between us ?
i like to know who 's living in my house . i like to know what my boys are up to .
well -- i guess i 'll have to ask her out on a date and find out what 's --
come on , let 's call the robinsons . we 've got something to celebrate .
i know -- i know -- when a man 's collar is an inch too big for him -- i know he is ill .
a man ? -- to switzerland ? -- that must have been nice -- for him .
now , children , no fighting -- save that for the office . let 's have our dance .
oh -- ho -- you want legal aid against us ? -- the whole thing seems to me to be very simple .
see you soon , preysing . next week we 'll meet and discuss further details .
come along , oh , madam , come along . the train will be going .
how much -- how much do you want -- you need money -- you have nothing .
what 's the use of asking , gru -- he is at the train -- he will be there .
come on , kid , let 's see if there 's any food in the house .
well , i 'll have to take your word for it , mary beth . here 's your money .
you don 't put up with that ! nobody has to put up with that !
i just give you your life . what you do with it is up to you .
you don 't know what i 'd do , roy . you have no idea . to live .
roy ... what if i told you i wasn 't really your mother ? that we weren 't related ?
ow ! hey , what are you trying to do , throw me off my game ?
you mean , it would be too tough to give me a turndown here . easier on home grounds .
bruce ... what 's going on ? the kids are here to pick out their costumes for the festival .
nothing 's changed since yesterday , or last week , or last month ... the answer 's still `` no . ''
so they 're trying to kill you and your baby . don 't tell me . your name also happens to be rosemary .
do you know how insane this is ? who am i supposed to be looking for ?
it was there when i found him this morning . it looks like some kind of letter or number or --
christ , what a night ! not even so much as a sign for five miles on that road !
but with rogers and his house of hacks gone , you 'd make the rules . just think it over .
so , kid -- how they hanging ? or don 't you say that to a little kid ?
yes , wife , it is . come here , boy . your father is home .
i 'm so glad you like each other . i was so scared , so scared .
he doesn 't deserve this ! you don 't know him . it isn 't fair !
she 's right , norbert -- go home . woodly i haven 't said all i have to say .
`` war is not healthy for children and other living things . '' how lovely .
i never knew when to hold it -- or who to ask , or what to say .
we simply stop doing that -- dropping things on each other , eating each other alive .
tod 'll meet you at the bookstore at eddy and o'farrell tomorrow noon . i told him you were a 'specialty ' customer .
look , niki , this really isn 't my business . i don 't know anything about ...
i ain 't cheated you , pilgrim . this is research , damn it ! that girl could have told us something .
well , it 's all very thrilling , of course , but i ask you , harold ... is it enough ?
help . no , no-one can help . i just want someone to listen or i will go crazy .
but it 's true , he is his own hell . just as you are in yours .
would'ya look at this babies ? made 'em myself . holy water , silver shavings , white oak : the works .
this is an important mission , sgt . whitman . i hope you realize that .
at nineteen hundred hours an alarm tripped . b & e . robbery . six guards dead --
you will never fulfill your destiny . you will never understand the power inside you .
he doesn 't see us , or hear us . we belong to you , kirsty . and you to us .
you know we have to let kirsty see this place , before we do anything to it . she 'll love it .
you did that deliberately . you knew all along i 'd like them . it was a trick .
i 'm an idiot . i should have played the record first . this place is about to get burned down .
would you like me to turn the lights out ? or would you like them on ?
well , the cream of society awaits . if you 're ever in the neighborhood ...
the estate stuff is pretty straight forward . just lots of forms and an appearance at the county seat .
i don 't know any of these . i 'll make a fool of myself .
i haven 't much to offer , mr. romirez from spain , but you 're welcome to what 's here .
you 're no match for scot , mr. romirez . we 're raised as riders .
if you send me away now , mara , i 'll not come looking for you .
here . the hook should go just below the head , where the meat is toughest .
say , what 's happened to burns ? he looks sunk , doesn 't he ?
hildy johnson ... oh , hello , bruce . have you got it ? is it certified ?
here it is , bruce . one -- two -- three -- four hundred -- and fifty dollars .
i 'm taking the nine o'clock train , hildy . and you can meet us at the station .
i know i wasn 't a good husband , hildy , but you can always count on me .
mighty nice little town , albany . they 've got the state capitol there , you know .
don 't want to forget this , you know . might start to rain again .
and i 'll take that certified check , too . i 've decided i can handle things around here ...
oh , this is all right , bruce . i just wanted to be sure .
you 're going to be in office for exactly two days more and then we 're pulling your nose out of the feed bag .
you wouldn 't believe this , walter , but bruce holds the door open for me .
i suppose i can 't call this off without creating a scene -- but remember , it 's your last fling .
for pete 's sake , hildy , they 're waiting for the rest of that story !
bruce ought to be back by now . walter , you 're not trying anything again , are you ?
hildy , you just can 't leave me out on a limb now . it -- it wouldn 't be cricket !
down western avenue . we were going sixty-five miles an hour . you know what i mean ?
don 't blame me . i 'm city editor in name only . you do all the hiring around here .
kind of exclusive , ain 't you ? we got calls to make , you know .
a fine bunch of reporters . biggest story in two years and they 're too lazy to go after it .
trouble is , when the red menace shows up the sheriff will still be crying 'wolf ! '
oh , you two are pals now -- i think you 're right , endicott . mollie did give her some kind of story .
read it ! insane , he says . he knows very well that williams ain 't insane !
the governor gave me his word of honor he wouldn 't interfere . two days ago !
you drunken idiot ! arrest him ! the idea of coming here with a cock-and- bull story like that !
take those handcuffs off our friends , pete . that wasn 't at all necessary .
i hope you 're pretty nearly through with me , doctor , i 'm getting a little fatigued .
we run smack into a police patrol . you know what i mean ? we broke it in half !
if walter burns calls , hold the wire for me , will you ? i 'll be right back .
i don 't know what she 's talking about . i never said any such thing .
stop screaming , mollie or we 're sunk . i 'm trying to think of something before those reporters get back .
if you ask us , no . if you ask the state alienists , the answer is yes .
grandpa , if you think of something hard enough , can you make it happen ?
take it away . i know your husband 's been away a long time , but ... .
could you seal it over with hot pitch , clive ? caulk it like the hull of a ship .
you 're a mug , clive . we did our bit in the last lot .
i want him . i want him so much . i 'll kill myself if i can 't have him .
remember this beach , mac ? all those summers . out two families , together .
she said , 'i know you love me , mac , but you 've never loved me enough . '
it 's not fair on them . it 's selfish to keep them with you .
i didn 't mean it like that , grace . why does it always come out wrong ?
i don 't know how you cope , grace . three kids , army pay . on your own .
i 'm so glad you could come . here we are , all together again .
i guess i 'll try to back it out on the rim ... at least to the main road .
i 'll pump the gas . go inside and see if it 's worth thinking about .
tire 's fucking gone crap on us , man . there 's no saving it now .
yeah , maybe r.j. could just tow us and our car to the nearest garage .
yeah , i 'd say at this point all we can do is just wait it out . there 's nothing else .
well , don 't even think about playing the good samaritan , there 's way too many psychos wandering loose these days .
stick her in the front , if you want to pick her up so bad . she 's soaked .
we hit the jackpot ! let 's roll , good buddy . we got ourselves a convoy .
hold on , hold on ! everybody calm down ! it 's the tow truck guy .
i 'm with denise , can 't we just walk to someplace , this is getting fucking stupid .
that 's true , otis ... not that we 're having a bad time , but ...
fuck , go to the car ... call for backup . tell 'em officer down .
well , let 's go see if the nut that runs this place can help us .
yeah it 's horseshit , just some boogieman crap that the kids like to scare each other with .
lila , what are you doing in there ? i need to get ready for my date .
it shan 't happen again . i swear it . i 'm just getting my sea legs , you know .
i like you so much , with or without hair . but don 't spread that around . bad for business .
actually , mother and father , you look very , very old . you look terrible .
oh , darling . i 'm so relieved . let 's celebrate with a long hike in the woods tomorrow !
everything 's fine , honey . we don 't need to talk . besides i have to work late .
puff , i 'm proud of you ! you did remarkably well under difficult circumstances .
aha ! finally . i 've covered almost the entire seaboard and parts of eastern ohio .
what makes you know so much ? how do you know what eddie was thinking ?
i 'm sure mr. felson knows what he 's doing . certainly you can afford a hundred dollars to find out .
you were asleep when i left . i didn 't want to wake you . did you go out ?
boy , he is great ! jeez , that old fat man . look at the way he moves . like a dancer .
i quit , eddie . i can 't beat you . willie , give him the stakes . you got yourself a pool player .
you have to go . he 'll never stop . leave this place . find another .
well , son ? should we call it a night ? i for one have had a long day .
it 's probably the solenoid . take it back to gleason 's , they said they 'd fix it if we found anything wrong .
you know , it really is beautiful up there . let me show you . we 'll take a walk after dinner .
better get some sleep , son , or you 'll be pretty tired at school tomorrow .
what do you mean -- gone ? what the hell kind of a nurse are you , anyway ?
what do you think he saw ? could it have been something from the air base ?
this could be our last night on earth . i don 't want to die a virgin .
he still gets air sick , huh ? in all of this i didn 't get the chance to thank you two .
get on the horn with atlantic command . let 's upgrade the situation to defcon 3 .
well , marcus , we are on the brink of the recovery of the greatest artifact in the history of mankind .
my dad sent me this diary for a reason . until we find out why , i suggest we keep it to ourselves .
elsa . elsa don 't . elsa . elsa . give me your other hand , honey . i can 't hold you .
when we 're airborne , with germany behind us , then i 'll share that sentiment .
dr. jones , you know very well that the thuggee cult has been dead for nearly a century .
i 'm sure it 's nothing . just rumors . what was it they claimed was stolen ?
i sense the fumes of opium in all this . perhaps miss scott picked up the habit in shanghai .
we 'd appreciate it if the maharajah would let us stay tonight . we 'll be on out way in the morning .
he was afraid of you . he knows a tough guy when he sees one .
this is nainsukh -- from the village . they bring him here to dig in the mines .
listen , we just met for crissake ! i 'm not that kind of girl !
are you crazy , a lift raft ? ! we 're not sinking , we 're crashing !
shorty 's family was killed when they bombed shanghai . he was living on the streets .
you 're nice . listen , i 'm taking applications -- how 'd you like to be my palace slave ?
get us out ! willie , shut up and listen ! there 's got to be a fulcrum release ! look around !
now lie down somewhere quiet and rest , i 'll be back in a while .
in a way , we 're like brothers ... i can 't have her . i want you to .
what ? oh , about dieter , yes . it was him . gruner works for him .
uh ... wonderful . i know i 'm strange , but in my own way , i love you
it was me . he just told me how ... i wish he could tell me now .
the new york times ran a blow by blow of what we talked about behind closed doors ! you fucked us !
there 's a severance agreement ... it includes cash payouts over time and continuing medical coverage ... sure you don 't need anything ?
let me see this ... no , 'cause i got ta know where you 're going at all times .
i discovered this . sec filing ... for the sale of the cbs corporation to westinghouse corporation .
please to explain , why i should agree to interview ... with pro-zionist american media ?
perhaps you prove journalism objectivity and i see the questions first . then i decide if i grant the interview .
i 've always thought of myself ... as a man of science . that 's what 's wrong with it .
you know , i was thinking of calling you tomorrow , anyway . how are your kids handling the new house ?
`` part of the reason i 'm here is i felt that their representation clearly , at least within ... ''
oh , you know what we do or do not need to know ? since when have you become a media expert ?
i 've got to teach class . i 've got to go . i 've got to teach class .
miles , how nice of you to see us -- may i introduce howard d. doyle of doyle oil .
yeah . i know . leather would be more practical , but whatcha gon na do ?
lem me tell you something . you are the pestilence . i 'm the exterminator .
well , actually , all whores worship the dollar , if you want to get technical .
i 'll have the tournedos of beef . and the lady will have the same ? i assume you 're a carnivore .
i 'm clean with the irs . i 've reported every dollar i 've ever made . try again , girlfriend .
nonono . marylin -- i 'm your husband . i 'd be entitled to rex 's money . no matter what happened to you .
please . i 'm not seeing anyone until this is over . one husband at a time .
that stinks . they left you with absolutely nothing . it makes you wonder about the entire legal system . like rodney king .
-- is not a challenge . i need something i can sink my teeth into , professionally speaking .
yes . it 's for your protection , sweetheart . you 're the one with the -- the ...
and how would you define your relationship to mrs. rexroth . you know -- you are her ... ?
it 's not so bad these days . kids like joint custody . two sets of toys .
that doesn 't make sense . it 's like punishing you for being goal oriented .
i 'll be going . ellie swallows her drink and starts pouring herself another , as king enters .
i don 't know what you 're raving about , young man . and , furthermore , i 'm not interested .
if you promise not to snap my head off , i 'd like to thank you .
you don 't have to eat the carrots . just passed a pond with some ducks in it .
i 'll bet you 're in an awful hurry to get back to new york , aren 't you ?
maybe i could jump out of the window . do you think they 'd see me ?
do you mind taking those things off the walls of jericho ? it 's tough enough as it is .
'bye , agnes . you 're beautiful . all women are beautiful ! gordon is immediately electrified into action .
maybe there 's more to this , susie . the cia 's keeping something from our enemies .
or a cover up ! jesus , bill , don 't you have enough proof of the fbi 's complicity now ?
what the hell 's a communist like lee oswald doing working out of banister 's ?
i still have to question what the legal basis is that supports this , boss . susie 's stuff is colorful , but ...
those bastards ! that 's proof enough right there of what we 're up against . the whole goddamn federal government , bill !
leon 's in a bad mood , don 't get excited , he 's all right .
was it the same oswald , dave , that was in dallas , or was it an impersonator .
in the sheriff 's report , mrs. mercer , it says you were at dealey plaza two hours before the assassination but that ...
i can 't believe a man as intelligent as earl warren ever read what 's in those volumes .
jim , come on , honey , get down on your hands and knees and hunt for jasper 's easter egg .
anything else unusual about him you 'd be able to describe in a court of law , willie ?
chief , i 've had my doubts about bill for a long time . he 's fighting everything .
i 'm sorry , i just decided to stay in the suit -- get out of that damn uniform .
i 'd say there 's about , oh , fifty thousand dollars here . what would you say ray ?
the envelope contains currency ... all the same denomination , one-hundred- dollar bills . now , i 'm counting it .
hi , i 'm detective mark dargus . l.a.p.d . can i ask what you have in that bag ?
oh , i wouldn 't be so sure . what with all the cash , i think i could go with conspiracy to traffic .
don 't even think about it . you could get yourself killed go to prison ...
the envelope contains ten thousand dollars . the subject will be delivering the currency in a ...
well , then , why don 't you be a good hostess and make me a screwdriver ?
well , so far he is . but you have to admit he 's not too bright .
i ain 't givin ' you fuckin ' excuses , i 'm givin ' you reasons .
he takes off and i got ta go to kentucky to bring him back , you pay the expenses .
ha-ha-ha . i 'm serious , you smoke too much of that shit . that shit robs you of your ambition .
hello . hey , jackie ... no , jackie , i didn 't get your message .
too late . i 've tried . i think you 're right , jake . i 'm game .
what did he talk about when you guys went out ? did he say anything ?
who 's been talking to you ? the army ? have they been talking to you , huh ?
what 'd he say that for ? what made him say that ? strange , huh ? strange .
i 'm going to have to move you a bit , just to check for injuries . this may hurt a little .
look , i 'm horny . keep it in mind . love me a little ?
why are you doing this to me ? you can 't just go away like that .
this is one of my dreams , jake . ever since i was a little girl . i never thought it would happen .
the ship 's depressurizing , the engines overheating . when it reaches the core , we 're done .
as long as they 're connected we can blow them all simultaneously from a safe distance .
i think i speak on behalf of the group when i say this is bad news .
got it ! let 's move out girls . yllo go to lab two and cover out backs .
i doubt that . i think we can handle whatever your ancient hockey player can throw at us .
it 's on the table where i left it ! what the hell are you doing ? ! hurry up !
hey teach ! this rock 's starting to freeze ! get your ass back hre !
yeah , great idea ! and i 'll keep the big guy distracted with a blow job .
look ice chip , why don 't you just chill out and let us handle this ?
i 'll tell you where he is . he 's walking around this ship , killing anything that moves .
where.. ? who . . . ? i 'm alive . you brought me back .
so , you 're saying thse guys have like , lasers and stuff ? they could hack him to pieces ?
listen to me . please . let 's get off thsi ship . come with me .
let 's call in -- we can radio and have a big boat here in an hour ...
i don 't think you can appreciate the gut reaction people have to these things .
don 't shoot him any more ! he 's crazy on his own blood already !
hi . i 'm matt hooper . if your husband is here , i 'd like to talk to him .
watch it ! compressed air -- you screw around with one of those and boom ! careful , huh ?
that 's disgusting ! this is the largest , meanest , most vicious shark ever landed off amity island , and a known maneater !
i 'm going to really start looking like a dork soon . will you still think i 'm cute if i 'm huge ?
this is even better than suspiria . you 've got decent taste in slasher movies , mark .
`` most fruitful yuki '' ? what is ... oh my god , she 's a pregnant superhero !
juno ! your baby probably has a beating heart , you know . it can feel pain . and it has fingernails .
i 'll get drinks . what would everyone like ? i 've got pellegrino , vitamin water ...
oh . sure . of course you 'd want to know how your kid is cooking .
right . well , juno , your parents must be wondering where you are . you might want to head home .
you should have seen this octopus furnace . i had to get out my hazmat suit just to get up in there ...
damn skippy , you 're not ! you don 't even remember to give liberty bell her breathing meds .
she 's joking . junebug has a wonderful sense of humor , which is just one of her many genetic gifts .
well , well . if it isn 't macguff the crime dog ! back for another test ?
maybe you 're having twins . maybe your little boyfriend 's got mutant sperms and he knocked you up twice !
best to just tell them , man . rip off the band-aid and let it bleed .
how do you know i 'm so poisonous ? like , what if the adoptive parents turn out to be evil molesters ?
hello . thank you for having me and my irresponsible child over to your home .
... you can forget about 'em forever and then look at 'em and they 're doin ' even better than before .
... i wouldn 't lie to you , adele . . . i saw him kill that man .
i feel kind of like the wizard of oz , you know when she gets the red shoes .
can you believe thirty bucks for this room ... for what ? a lumpy mattress , that crummy tv and a crapper .
oh , n'jus what in hell you crying 'bout ? i 'm the one got hit .
you think i 'm goin ' to kill you . well that 'd make me a liar then wouldn 't it ?
... well i probably drunk more than my share , anyway ... you go on an ' have it .
you mean because i object to having somebody take off their shoe and scratch their foot while i 'm eating i 'm prejudiced ?
i 'm sorry , but i just can 't see you veggin ' out in la-la land .
tell ya bri. , i 'm still a little sleepy , ... think adele and me are gon na take us a fiesta .
darlin ' you were 'bout that far from spendin ' the night at the morgue . you understand ?
who d'ya think you 're foolin ' ? i know you better than you think ...
what about the owner of the house ... ... this john diebold , any idea where he might be ?
you wan na run by the park and see what everybody 's doing ? get zooted ?
hurry up man . let 's be out . i wan na go swimmin ' .
no i 'm serious . can i suck your tit ? either of you guys . i don 't care .
i don 't know . i just never seen girls that did that shit before . but i think it looks nice .
i made her get tested with me because i didn 't want to go alone .
i 've talked to a few people who say you and her were ... friendly ?
what in the hell do you think you 're doing ? slamming down the phone in the middle of the trace .
we 're interested in where you were from the time you left the auditorium until you got there .
sorry to ruin your trip to the city , but we got a real nut on our hands , frank .
the f.b.i . has nothing remotely similar to this guy . i think he 's a first- timer .
we 've checked . there 's no one with the last name of emma on the island .
i spoke to jeremy . he 's watching sanderson 's kid . sanderson went out after the match and hasn 't come back since .
i 'm sure there are other people who would be interested in what i have to say .
huxley 's quote also says , `` his play is always fair and just . ''
naw , it 's all fixed . i also loaded up a program that 'll analyze your games three hundred percent faster .
i know you 're busy so i 'll get right to it . did you know her ?
mister sanderson , this is doctor sheppard . she 's a psychologist helping us out .
as large as castles . you are still light as air , one hundred men can 't move me .
he 's not going to give us direct hints . he 's going to skirt around it .
you 're projecting your own desires and reading more into what happened than what actually did .
you can turn everything around so easily . this is not just another game , is it ?
he ran a great risk , helping us today . if he opposes his fate , his death will be terribly painful .
go now . quell was wise . he knew that a man can not ask more of his death than it help his friends .
why don 't you take me with you ? ... i 'm ready , now . you said i learn very quickly .
you see , five minutes ago you said you loved me and now you hate me ... but i prefer this !
if you knew , leon ... ! i killed one thousand in my head ... and this never disturbed my sleep .
well ... i don 't know , suddenly , the make up ... all this ... how are you ? are you ok ?
i 've all ready gone six hundred miles ... i can 't do it again .
a wife ? ... did someone piss drunk run into your wife ? crushed her like a bug . snapped her bones ?
it isn 't going to make it ellen . let the poor thing go quietly .
hansen 's whipped . has to call his wife every two hours or she 'll go ballistic when he gets home .
i 'm going to drop off tandy at the station and then drop you back .
don 't worry baby , it shouldn 't take you more than five days if you just stop to sleep and eat .
michelle , breathe ... that 's it , what is it , talk to me .
mr. parker , you can yell at me , if it 'll help . but i 'm not risking your life .
you 're going to have a lot of work to do when i get back .
that is , if you 'll come to my room for an hour , i will give you five hundred dollars .
we should pick up a bottle of tequila on the way . i owe you one .
you can never ... never ... ask me to stop drinking . do you understand ?
why don 't you go back to sleep . i 'll go out and buy us some breakfast .
very creative . now we can get you a black bow tie and you can look like one of those casino dealers .
maybe i should follow you around and ask one of your tricks what it 's like to sleep with you .
i 've missed the best sun . why did you have to pawn your watch ?
please don 't raise your voice . i won 't bother you about it again .
brooke , i believe you . but a jury is gon na want an alibi .
i have made my fortune on my ability to teach women how to perfect their bodies with the brooke 's butt buster workout .
yes , your honor . had you ever gotten a perm before , miss windham ?
i think it 's time discuss your career path . have you thought about where you might be a summer associate ?
mr. salvatore , do you have any proof that you and mrs. windham were having an affair ?
you showed up warner in class ? you 're supposed to be showing up sarah .
can someone please tell rick that he is not the only sigma chi with a big penis ?
why else would she have flown in from newport ? it 's not like she 'd fed ex a six carat diamond .
i don 't know ! everything was normal at first and then he said he needed someone more -- serious !
honey , stop ! you have to leave this room -- it 's been a week .
keep june first open -- you 're one of my bridesmaids . and give warner our love .
and make sure you read the footnotes in levinson 's class . that 's where all her exam questions come from .
i can 't believe you called me a butthead . no one 's called me a butt- head since ninth grade .
you guys -- i can 't . we 're in the middle of a trial .
if you tell him , you 'll probably make summer associate . who cares about brooke ? think about yourself .
that 's how you get things right is to always try and never give up . huh , mom ?
i 'm hungry ! where 's my dinner ? who ate my dinner ? huh ? who 's in trouble now ?
josh and i are going to south coast . wan na ride ? maybe see a movie ?
this is serious ! i don 't have my license . he was my ride .
if you had a stupid phone or i could use your truck , mom would give me some money .
dale wants to know if we should run an outside outlet for christmas lights with a switch inside ?
mr. dokos called to complain that you and a boy are squatting illegally in the garage of your house .
you head was pressed against my chest . i could feel your heart racing . and i remember i kissed your hair .
do you need anything ? i 'll go to the pharmacy . i have some demerol at home .
i thought i might be able to help , but it looks like you have all you can handle .
don 't take it so hard , biscuit . she don 't mean nothin ' to him .
cool it , ray . you 're gon na get us in a lot of trouble .
season tickets to the yankees . right there on the first base line . what 's wrong , baby ?
what i know about boats is they take you to freedom . come on , man . i think we can do this .
you did it , man ! you got us out ! next stop , new york city !
keep it together , claude . you wake up the man , he 'll shoot you for sure .
all right , man , just settle down . we 'll get outta here , claude . we 'll get outta here real soon .
it 's amazing what ray here can do with a couple of pounds of potato skins and some molasses .
alright , well , let 's say you make it to greenville . what 's there , anyway ?
alright , listen up ! i want every man lined up out here in the yard on the double ! let 's move it !
that 's right , fellas . catch any cab heading uptown . all the drivers know ray 's boom-boom room .
hell of a way to get out . heard they burned up in that fire yesterday .
man , you really bummed me out . that 's a terrible story . nigger , you crying ?
ray 's special recipe . he always had exacting standards where the hooch was concerned .
besides , why bother with bootlegging when we got us a clear cut case of murder ?
i 'm gon na work this man 's brains out the back of his head .
welcome to the party . it 's so nice to see all of you here .
thank you , nicky . cause now i 'm gon na bust adrian 's head wide open .
it is awfully hot down here . how do you manage to stay so cool ?
keep it up and i just might make you my queen for a night or two .
i got ta help her . i got ta help dad . i got ta help everybody .
well , nice meeting you , jenna , christa . would it be okay if i called you mommy ?
well , mommy , get me to the big apple cause i 'm gon na rock that town like a hurricane .
they castrated him . he can 't shoot arrows , he can 't piss smoke .
you 'll be alright . go on . big day tomorrow . don 't forget to do that sleep thing i told you about .
we had the greatest afternoon of my life until adrian made me tell her she had a heart-shaped ass .
no , no , that 's not what i said . he can keep his thumbs , but the fingers got ta go .
dad , adrian 's got the whole city after me . he 's always a step ahead . what am i gon na do ?
uh , i 'll do my best , dad . do you have any advice at all for me ?
listen , i got down low . your mom 's got up high . you take care of the middle .
i 've never been to earth . i 've never even slept over at some other dude 's house !
i 'm not nicky . i 'm not home ! i don 't live here !
i never thought i 'd ever see ozzy live until he was dead . please tell me you like metal .
okay , now you gone and done it . you done messed with my business bitch !
you are here . i couldn 't believe it when they told me . what are you doing ?
i don 't know what makes you so curious . you have any idea who his seed-mother was ?
the damned yellows are getting out of hand . those three ought to be in cathedral . no business scrambling in arcade ...
you should have been with us in nursery , daniel . i 'm positive i recognized him --
look at his face ... and his hair ... is that what it is to grow old ?
is that really it ? it doesn 't seem very far . will we be there soon ?
no -- just there -- on the first level . don 't look for us . we 'll see you .
do you always sleep here ? ... in this room ? ... both of you ?
you don 't remember being awakened ? it looks like you were aware of someone .
no , i don 't remember anything . it looks like i ... but ... i don 't remember .
beautiful ! smooth as shit from a duck 's ass . let 's take a ride .
left us here to rot . that 's what they 've done . heroes of the newspapers !
some layout they got here . did you get a load of the rooms ? you couldn 't do better at the ritz .
that 's what i say . what do you say to a rubber of bridge ? i saw some cards in the other room .
you will need suitable clothes for the journey . it is not particularly far , but quite difficult .
you must prevail upon him not to attempt the journey . he could never get through that country alive .
the power house - they 've blown it up ! the planes can 't land without lights .
all right , go ahead ! we go on to the next plane . bring out any people that are left .
the next time you 're in wild country like this , keep in touch with the british consul .
for heaven 's sake , bob , what 's the matter with you ? you went out there for the purpose of
george - you 're behaving like a child . you haven 't opened your mouth in two weeks .
she was kidnapped and brought here two years ago just as we were , bob .
bob , can 't you get them to wait for us ? they 're leaving us farther behind every day .
imagine having all that fuel there , waiting for us ! george , something tells me our journey is just beginning .
huh ? i give it up . but this not knowing where you 're going is exciting anyway .
you know , each time i see you , i hear that music . what is it ?
that 's what i mean - mysterious . mr. conway , i don 't like that man . he 's too vague .
kay , um ... how , uh , fast does this thing actually go ... ?
we saw it in the office . it went from this big ... to big ... in a day .
i put word out -- you know how long it takes to get the signals across .
once -- just once -- i thought i 'd made the discovery of a lifetime ...
we 're from scientific american . we read about your discovery . we 'd like to take a look .
i mean , i dunno . i 've seen insects with really great camoflauge ability . but never like this .
hmnn ... wall , it 's funny , cause usually i 'm not all that attracted to stupid guys , but --
and get this : you know how humans evolved from primates ? well guess what the dominant life form on planet evolved from ?
i 'm so sorry ... i just want him back ... i want him back so bad ...
why 's he still a john doe ? why wasn 't he ever id 's from an eyescan ?
looks like she was a neuroin addict like john doe here , but i show an address history that includes the beaton clinic .
and you say the third prevision was , what , a little fuzzy or something ?
what if danny witwer came to you right now and insisted on a full chem run ?
we need confirmation on the time frame . location still uncertain . remote witnesses are hooked in ...
i 'm sorry danny , but i 'll have to give you the full tour later on .
but it 's not the future if you stop it . isn 't that a fundamental paradox ?
i can 't touch you ! and john , you can 't be in here ! you 'll confuse them !
six years ago . baltimore . you grabbed a kid at francis public pool in the west end .
where 've you got him ? is he all right ? tell me , you fuck -- where is he ? !
you have three minutes to tell me what you 're doing here before i feed you to a few of my more predacious plants .
i 'll get eyescanned a dozen times before i get within ten miles of precrime . they 'll pick me up ...
i haven 't worn this damn thing in years . i just wanted to make sure it fits before tonight .
shall we call the attorney general ? i 'm sure he 'd be happy to clarify the issue for you .
people , if you don 't let the spyder scan you , we 'll have to come in and arrest you .
lamar burgess thinks that you left john because he lost himself in precrime instead of you .
okay . we got a lot happening here . here comes the good part ... okay ...
she needs a family . a dad . i 'll give her what you never had .
jesus christ , where the fuck you been all night ? you look like you got shit out in the gorilla house .
i can 't yet vouch for the amount , unless you want me to sit here and count .
and here i thought you flew in some out of town muscle . how 's it going , men ?
sit down . we ain 't fixing to eat you . you look brand new in town . pretty handy with a bottle .
1 , 2 , 8 ; 2 , 8 , 1 . i git 'em all ?
ole pete ain 't much in the head , but he can lay in there with the wood .
brother bembry , can we fix it so our loudspeaker is heard on the street ?
we need more young warriors like yourself , stick around and we shall see if your heart is true .
sure i 'll speak to your class . but i 'm a hard man on women . you want to know why ?
considering today 's standards of animal raising and curing meats , i don 't fully understand the restriction on pork .
stop calling us . leave us alone . leave us alone . i 'll kill you . i 'll kill you .
i 'm minister malcolm x . two witnesses saw him brought in . he was not brought out .
it 's santa muerte . death worship . the religion of la hermanidad . there 's a curse on you .
cut the stock here . the barrel here . make sure you file it smooth . rocket launchers ?
the night you arrived , mom asked you if you had a family and you lied , didn 't you ?
look . maybe this isn 't going to work . maybe you should ask your husband to hire someone ... more sociable .
of course i care about pinta . she 'll be as beautiful as her mother one day .
i think he 's been sick . he 's alright now , but i think he 's been very , very sick .
[ he 'll die of his wounds ; bleed to death before he can do anything . ]
[ because he 's outside . because he 's not tied to the same system we are . ]
[ is it true ? creasy saved the little girl that was kidnapped yesterday . ]
[ and as long as we 're talking information , there 's something else as well . ]
we got ta whole pot inna kitchen . we give you a plate-a your own .
my son thomas came to see you this afternoon , and he said to you he wants to cast his mother from his house ?
you got ta real nice face , you know ? it 's really a nice face .
it was very nice meeting you , mrs. pilletti . i hope i 'll see you again .
and that husband of hers is a skinny bit of a fellow , isn 't he ?
all right , ma . i 'll be back in about an hour , an hour anna half .
hello , ralph . how 'd you make out with those nurses last night , ralph ?
i just wan na thank you people again , because the situation was just becoming impossible .
listen , let 's go downa kaplans ' apartment . they told us to come down .
there 's sort of a built-in prayer for the sick man to get well , but of course that 's not the basic intention .
what do i do with it hawk ? this is a little out of my line .
i may need you to go to work practically immediately . but meanwhile perhaps you 'd like to meet some of your fellow officers .
yeah , maybe move that nurse in . she don 't seem the type to keep you awake praying .
okay , i 'm a witness , but how do you prove who 's right ?
it certainly isn 't henry 's fault hot lips houlihan doesn 't like her name .
i don 't think i should have opened my big mouth . sorry , ho-jon .
best equipped dentist in the whole goddam army . care to have a look , a man with your background ?
this kid looks like a loser . maybe we better get the bead-jiggler to put in a fix .
don 't try to get it far down . kick it up high so we can get there and surround that son-ofa-bitch .
hell , man , that don 't matter . we 're loaded . we were big wheels in the black market in seoul .
let 's hear from you , you goddam yankee . be nice to see you some time .
pierce ! that soldier requires immediate attention . i 'm a surgeon and i know .
that 's the front up the road a few miles . we have to get by without some of the comforts of home .
lucky you didn 't have your mouth open or it would have gone down your throat .
or you can let him knock himself out . you personally 'd be sending him to his grave .
it 's a bedroom where a man is always at his peak and doesn 't have to take any time outs .
but besides the operation , we 've got to get in at least eighteen holes of golf .
but we 'd have to break his leg or something to keep him out of the game for good .
painless , you mustn 't talk that way . it 's a lot of crap . cover for what ?
and if i go to new york , the natives there will carry me ? i don 't think so .
stop acting like a colonel , henry . you know trapper wouldn 't sock him without a good reason .
thank you , spearchucker . i 'll certainly take a look at these . where the hell did you ever get that name ?
planes mostly . may take a crack at rickshaws . how does the direct approach work over here ?
as long as there 's a pile-up , we can do our bit to encourage his permanent withdrawal from the contest .
hello . whenever there 's a pretty woman around , er this is my nephew , ted sheldon , miss mitchell .
oh ! oh , it 's beautiful , d. b. welli don 't quite know what to say . . .
gee whiz , boss , you know mr. norton told me not to leave him , not even for a minute .
it makes no difference , bertthe ideas 's still good . we don 't have to give up our club .
hey , stop worrying , colonel . fifty bucks ain 't going to ruin me .
you win , colonel . here 's the fifty . go on out and get rid of it .
no , i never read the speeches before i make them . i get more of a kick out of it that way .
don 't write 'em ? why , that gold- grabbin ' dame would double-cross her own mother for a handful of chinese yen !
why , certainly . with your ability to influence people , it might grow into a glorious movement .
i ... i 'm kevin . i 'm here to help you , d ... dave .
it 's my job to see that no one gets killed , earl ... including you .
joe , i 'm doing a lot for you . i think you could give me something to cement the deal ... one hostage .
don 't go reading my lips , man . that 's an intrusion . save that shit for the sniper school . comprende ?
i 'm sorry about your friend . i had a friend in swat killed . i know how it can be .
you know what i think ? i think you only want me now , because i 'm with somebody else .
how come in those foreign movies the young girl is always with some fat , old guy .
you don 't have much sex up there in the real world , do you ?
doesn 't make sense . how the hell does some fucking teenager get to the keys ?
i 'm sorry sir , we need your debit card before we can issue a credit --
that 's why they told you you can 't go inside . they can 't have you running into her .
alpha . is there any way we can defeat this monster ? any way at all ?
he wants to know if you 'd like a cube of sugar in your tea .
alpha , my sensors tell me the rangers were too late ! ivan is on his way here !
bulk ... why don 't we give mr. peep here a chance to think it over ?
taking over the world is one thing . it 's finding good help to run it for you that 's the killer .
that 's right . and then we threw one of them off a mountain and another one into a raqing river !
isn 't this just typical ! we finally do somebody a good turn and just look what happens !
no disrespect , tommy , but why would mr. arnold rothstein wan na do business with bums like us ?
a hundred-seven bucks too much . any kid who drops an extra dime is gon na be talkin ' to moliari .
a lot of shit came out of me in the hospital . i 'm sorry you got hit by it .
at least masseria plays by the rules . maranzano thinks he 's god , and the rules don 't apply .
every successor will owe his loyalty to us . together we take out maranzano , and each family gets a piece of his operation .
at first , it will hurt you . but you will come to understand and we will be strong together .
the nightmare juice ! it 's gone ! somebody switched it for a beaker of grape kool-aid ! !
i think i ... i 'm about to ... am i mistaken , or don 't i get to ... is there some ...
sorry , steve , maybe next time . and how 's our new guest settling in - ?
meaning me , of course . i 'm referring to myself . you have to assume monkeybone would be a pretty lucrative franchise ...
and speaking of which , here 's the light of my life , the pert and saucy miss julie mcelroy .
boy , the nuts are out tonight . what 'd that creep call you - ?
aaah , it 's the same as always ... poor mope 's just wishin ' he was me .
i left my phone number in your undies . try not to lose it in traffic .
awwww . worried about my feelings , are you ? well , there 's a new twist .
well , when i walked up the block , i ... well , my word !
don , this is my mother . mom , this is my boss , don palmer .
i wonder what they do in there ? don 't they frighten you ? they all look so ...
nonsense . why don 't you listen to your children for a change ? you might actually learn something ?
i do *not* want a senator . and i do *not* want any more of this nonsense ! emma !
well -- it started with a little mimeograph sheet -- and it 's just grown out of all sense and reason --
maybe you 'd like to come along and watch , governor ? jefferson 's done a wonderful job with that leg .
uh -- senator -- i thought you and me might go out to dinner together -- and grab off a few monuments .
now , if you 're ready , senator , we can start for the hotel . i 'll *see* that you get there .
whoa ! hold it ! pipe down ! come on , now -- that 's enough of that .
well , goodbye , sir -- and thank you again . well -- it -- it was nice seeing you , miss paine --
yeah ! how about it ? you 're a nature lover . do you handle any of that sign language ?
here , jeff , i 'll advance it for you. -- fine introduction to the nation 's capital !
eleven b street , northeast . take his bags and your own right over -- and get yourself a room in the same place --
it 's obviously a frameup ! they 're trying to railroad this man for the money they can get out of him !
you are under oath , miss bennett . i ask you again - are you employed by the morning mail ?
you 're worried about those articles they 're writing about you , aren 't you ?
why there she is ! of course she 's home . stupid of me . . .
now you 're talking , babe . i 'll keep the whole front page open . what are you going to do ?
it 's for you . in a couple weeks you 'll get the itch so bad , you 'll be working for nothing .
the gentlemen from the opera are still waiting in the board room , sir . they 're getting a trifle impatient , sir .
well , your uncle was chairman of the board of directors . they probably expect you to carry on .
perhaps you didn 't hear what i said , mr . deeds ! the whole semple fortune goes to you ! $ 20,000,000 !
mr. cobb here is an ex-newspaperman associated with your uncle for many years - as a sort of buffer .
i can 't hold out on you any longer . lamb bites wolf . beautiful .
you shouldn 't be running away like this . what 's going to happen to the estate ?
well , we could borrow a couple from mrs. simpson . you know , she went to niagara falls last year .
what do you mean ? i remember everything ! hand me my pants - i wrote her phone number on a piece of paper .
i 'm not sure she 'll come . she 's in a mood . do you ever go to somebody 's house ?
her friend from the city came and took her out to dinner . first time in a long time she 's been willing .
but they 're certainly dead . and yes , personally , i find it a bit odd .
you do seem much more disposed toward him than i understand , ernest . did i miss something ?
i 've run on . forgive me . we 're here to talk about you .
we got divorced . i had to get rid of her . she couldn 't satisfy me .
whoa , whoa , what are you doing ? i want to know what 's in here .
i 've seen you going by on your board , but i didn 't realize -- you 're so young ... to be so ...
do we run into the street ? no , i didn 't think so . nice car . how 's that place ?
... but it 's not really my school -- and this is very interesting -- it 's the school from the next district --
so i guess henry follett is a patient of yours . he 's my pharmacist .
of course , him being insane didn 't make it all right that i fell in love with his wife .
hmm . i guess that doesn 't help ... i see where you 're going here . it 's a mess .
the girl saved my life , figured it was the least i could do , keep her out of trouble .
see the cartouche there , it 's the official royal seal of seti the first , i 'm sure of it .
okay , let 's cut to the chase . he 's afraid of cats , what 's that about ?
see ! that proves it ! old seti 's fortune 's got ta be under this sand !
the hell with that ! i 'm not goin ' nowhere ! we 're safe here .
the hell with this . i 'm goin , downstairs to get me a drink . you want somethin ' ?
do you realize , we are standing inside a room that no one has entered in over four thousand years .
there 's some sort of lock here . you say these thing 's are made of granite with a steel interior ?
oh my god , i 've dreamed about this ever since i was a little girl .
are you saying somebody threw these things in with our guy , and they slowly ate him alive ?
well i wish you 'd do it sooner rather than later , before you ruin my career the way you 've ruined yours .
according to my calculations , we should be right under the statue . we 'll come up right between his legs . oh my .
the bowler ? i remember him from when i was a kid . he was killed years ago .
but that place is huge and we don 't know where this psycho thing is --
doc , these are my friends . we 're superheroes , and we need your help .
so , let me get this straight . you have the power to become invisible .
we 're all the same really . our songs , our dreams , our seeds are all just a brave attempt to live forever .
we need a break , that 's all ! nobody 'd ever heard of him until he busted casanova frankenstein !
but there 's only three of us , and he 's got the entire brotherhood of evil at his disposal .
roy , remember , it is all within your power . the only thing that 's in your way ... is you .
twenty years ago all the major hoodlums of this city were united into one great brotherhood of evil , and casanova was their king .
this dispatch has just arrived from aboukir , marked highest priority , for general bonaparte 's eyes only .
i believe you are acquainted with my brother , joseph bonaparte , and my aide , major junot .
i didn 't mean the things that i said ... i was angry and i said more than i meant to .
and , you , my dear wife , do you find that i resemble my portraits ?
he made friends with a family called columbier , and would later write of his first flirtation with their daughter , caroline .
i don 't know , i think i passed out or something . i don 't remember .
you know it 's been over a year since we kicked it last ? up at the family reunion .
hold up , elroy , that 's my boy . craig , what the hell wrong with you ? where you been ?
two bullets ? yo ' ass ain 't changed . back in the day , all i had was a stick .
did you see that ? that was a w.w.f . hit right there , huh , day-day ?
i say we go over there and kick their asses . i can take the little one .
make sure you look after my son out here . don 't get him involved with none of your bullshit , roy .
well , we better hit the road , too . craig , get your stuff .
craig , i want you to meet my old lady , suga . suga , this is craig .
lousy . and i have siesta hair . i 'm thinking of canceling the speech .
truth is , besides the headache i 've come down with a little lower intestinal havoc . make my apologies .
pay attention , mr. watson . pay attention and your daughter won 't be hurt .
he 's going to help the police . your daddy is going to be a hero .
you don 't want to cause a ruckus , with the little girl and all .
you talk to a cop , you even look at a cop too long and your daughter is dead . do it .
and when little king jesus ' ma and pa heard about that plan , what do you reckon they went and done ?
it 's a mighty good man would come out of his way to bring a word of cheer to a grieving widow !
just a man . goodnight pearl , sleep tight ; and don 't let the bedbugs bite .
why , he told me what fine little lambs you and your sister both was .
now where , boy ? mind ; no tricks . i can 't abide liars .
you see ? we can 't have anything to do with john . you and me will go down to the parlor .
the lord is merciful ! what a day is this ! -- and there 's little john !
so we 'll guard her together . through the night . in each others ' arms like we always said .
sure , okay , i 'll be there . now you just turn in and get some rest , sweetheart . please . deal ?
your father the cop . that 's a good one . forget fred krueger . you don 't want to know , believe me .
all these years you 've kept those things buried down here ? in our own house ?
maybe we should call rod , have him come over too . he might get jealous .
are you the buljanoff who fought on the barricades ? and now you are afraid to take a room with a bath ?
comrades ! comrades ! don 't let 's give in so quickly . after all we have to uphold the prestige of russia .
imagine , for once in our lives we were in paris and we never went to the eiffel tower .
if you hadn 't given commissar razinin such a wonderful report about us , who knows what would have happened ?
a little more tact ... look how nicely she 's fixed the table -- all for us .
this is the apartment we have reserved for you , comrade yakushova . i hope you like it .
let 's not close our eyes . there are many good things to see here too .
we are not only serving good food , we are serving our country ... we are making friends .
not that we are giving in one inch , but tell us ... what is in your mind ?
about this telegram to moscow . why should you bother ? i 'll write it for you .
nonsense . how can you fight the reds and make yourself agreeable to the whites if you don 't keep up your strength .
general , would you mind making my excuses at our table ? i 'll be back in a few moments .
halt negotiations immediately . envoy extraordinary arrives thursday six ten with full power . your authority cancelled herewith . razinin .
we don 't blame you , leon , but when we came from russia we believed in simplicity ...
you found your way to us and we weren 't easy to reach , were we ?
come , now , you must not talk that way ... . you have to adjust yourselves ... . we must be brave .
only myself and two other girls . one is a cello player in the opera and the other a street-car conductor .
we 'll leave these papers here for your further consideration . au revoir , madame .
the foundation is one hundred and forty-one yards square ... i hope you 'll forgive me but i thought you 'd ...
well , may i offer you a drink , or how about something to eat ?
from what i read i thought champagne was a strong drink . it 's very delicate . do people ever get drunk on this ?
i 've some wonderful news for you , leon . it 's about punchy ... do you mind if i sit down ?
not at all ... . i understand perfectly , count d'algout gave you a dog . you made it very clear , madame .
excuse me ... are you talking about recognizing china , mr. president ? that would cost us our strongest support .
he 's begging for a meeting , chief . he wants to go overseas for awhile .
it 'll never wash. pardoning them means we 're guilty . the people , the press will go nuts .
if you resign , you can keep your tapes as a private citizen ... you can fight them for years .
they did what ? ! i don 't understand . why 'd they go into o'brien 's office in the first place ?
howard hunt ? ... jesus christ , you open up that scab ... and you uncover a lot of pus .
cue the crowd . go to the woman 's group . get the bald guy , he 's great ...
alright . but why , if kennedy is so clean in all this , didn 't he cancel track 2 ?
if they didn 't tell kennedy about track 2 , how did hoover find out ?
and his staff . come on , the copy they were filing from china was great .
gentlemen , i think it 's about time for us to be getting to the airport .
congratulations , boss . a great victory ! the madman theory wasn 't so crazy after all .
you played it perfectly , sir -- cocksucker ! he 's going to think twice before he leaks again .
oh , no , harold . he doesn 't respond well to humor . maybe if you talk to mother she can ...
you 're referring , of course , to chairing the special operations group as vice president .
my father built the house where i was born with his own hands . oh , it wasn 't a big house ...
can 't we just talk here ? i 've got the police chiefs in san diego .
exactly , sir . that is your historical contribution : to lead boldly in an era of limits .
get off that . that leads nowhere . you should offer condolences to the families of those kids .
what you have to understand , mr. nixon , is that we are willing to die for what we believe in .
come on , man -- vietnam ain 't germany . it doesn 't threaten us . it 's a civil war between the vietnamese .
that 's julie ... and that 's tricia . she , uh , reminds me a little bit of you ...
we didn 't come here to talk about football . we came here to end the war .
mr. president , the press guys asked if you could come back for a minute .
no , they want you , mr. president . i really think it would be a good move .
we can be happy . we really can . we love you , dick . the girls and i ...
i 'm the only left , dick . if you don 't talk to me , you ...
howya doin ' ! new york treating you okay ? i 'm sorry i haven 't been able to see you at all --
you think this boy moss has got any notion of the sorts of sons of bitches that are huntin ' him ?
i knowed you was crazy when i saw you settin ' there . i knowed exactly what was in store for me .
... for instance . i used birshot . so as not to blow the window .
we got a loose cannon here . and we 're out a bunch of money , and the other party is out his product .
look . you need to give me the money . i 've got no other reason to protect you .
... i s'pose you did that so i could take my sweater off or something .
... well , if you 're not going to slit my throat , why 'd you come up here ?
i don 't need one , but it 's kind of a special night , and --
have you checked the trunk of that car you 're driving , betty ? i think there might be ...
so you 're into `` reason , '' too ? finally , someone civilized ! i 'm ellen , what can i get you ?
no ... i don 't really know where he is yet . i 'm at a hotel around the corner .
... you can have the best damn running backs in the world , somebody 's still got ta block for 'em .
i like this . i like doing business in the home . it 's cozy ... who 's birthday ?
del 's dead , by the way . i sent him to the great beyond .
wise beyond her years , i 'm sure , and such poise , too . very , very impressive ...
let me try this , goddamnit ! she 's been doing it all week , she can do it now !
jesus , don 't do that ! if it gets around that you fired me , i 'll never land a pilot .
mrs. rogers ? i 'm dwight campbell , with neighborly life insurance . i 'm looking for betty sizemore .
i like to think that i 'm a pretty astute observer of the human scene .
now hold on , boys-aintcha ever heard of a negotiation ? maybe we can talk this thing out !
baptism . you two are just dumber'n a bag of hammers . well , i guess you 're my cross to bear-
what on earth is goin ' on here ! what 's got into you , delmar !
you don 't know where his goddamn folks from ; you speakin ' outcha asshole .
me ? oh , i didn 't have no plan . still don 't , really .
well , it 's a invitation-only affair ; we 'll have to sneak in through the service entrance-
this is crazy . no one 's ever gon na believe we 're a real band .
i knew you 'd make it ! where 's your girl ? didn 't she come ?
i thought the d.i . 's were supposed to help you in this place ! what kind of human being are you ?
i know i 'm late and i 'm sorry , but mrs. rufferwell asked us to help with the cleanup and ...
daddy , i don 't want to get into anything with you tonight . i 'm tired and i ...
hey , what about sunday dinner ? when 're you gon na let me know ?
so , after you graduate you go on to basic flight , right ? is that in pensacola ?
two bucks a buckle , perryman . look at that shine ! boonies 'll cost you five .
hey , do you guys ever ... feel like you don 't belong here ... ?
think there 's any truth to what he was saying about those girls ? is that still going on ?
what 's the matter , sweet pea . foley finally starting to get to you ?
she 's fuckin ' crazy , she killed the kid ! she just killed her own kid !
i 'm afraid to let you think , junior . things get worse when you think . oh , that 's gon na help .
we 're not leaving . i 'm getting in that room , and i 'm opening that safe .
your husband says you said `` there are three ... '' right before you got cut off .
one day you will learn to respect other people 's time , lydia , one day you --
third floor , spare bedroom , den , what have you . mr. pearlstine used it as an office .
wait a minute , wait a minute . we can still handle this . can we still handle this ?
for the last time boy ! ! ! what do those guns mean ? ? ! !
free ? we 're back where we started . shit we still don 't have a stop light .
hey ... cy ... what now you a righteous panther man , you too uppity to drink with us ?
cy ... cy ... oh shit man ... who did this to you . was it the pigs ?
what it be judge . nobody got hurt , sister betty 's safe . this was a good day ...
me ? you 've got a whole lot of other folks signing up . why me ?
aw ... uh ... it 's was just harassment . my driver 's license expired .
don 't let the cops provoke you . we 're there to watch and take badge numbers ...
i say we drink the wine , shoot the dogs , and use the papers for musket wadding .
if you go , i 'll care for them as if they were my own .
she said ... she loves you and misses you but she understands why you can 't be there with her .
that 's why it was four years between you and thomas . it took me that long to regain her respect .
if this war is about more than thomas , it 's about more than anne , as well . stay the course .
damn it , francis ! how in god 's name do you expect to gain independence without going to war ?
it 's a good measure of a woman that she 'll have her honeymoon under the stars .
ellie ... god doesn 't do things like that . i know you loved y'brother , but --
that 's what i think . i heard missy dandridge tell mom when church was fixed he wouldn 't cross the road so much .
yes ... i guess so . he was sleeping on the front porch when i left .
i 've noticed it , too . i 'll cough up the money , ellen .
she 's in bed . she was throwing up . ever since mrs. rogers called and said missy --
excuse me , mr. crandall -- i 've got to change this kid . it 's nice to meet you .
no -- but if he drops by , i 'll tell him to call you .
my wife is not crazy about cemeteries of any kind . as you may have noticed .
i want to wake up . i want to wake up , that 's all . i --
you 'll be fine , ellie . now you can be excused . go and wash your face .
hah . ten years you carried that pistol , and you end up wasting your shot .
you 've no hope of surviving norrington 's attack ... that is , if you 're mortal .
so what now , jack sparrow ? are we to be two immortals , locked in epic battle until the trumpets of judgement day ?
my apologies , miss . as you were saying , before you were so rudely interrupted ?
commodore , i must protest . pirate or not , this man saved my life .
on his heels ! gillette , bring a squad down from the fort ! elizabeth , are you --
what ? what 's wrong ? how will this help us get off the island ?
what are you doing ? you 've burned our food , the shade -- the rum !
jack gave hisself up for the sake of his loyal crew . he was marooned on an island , left there to die .
hands ! come about ! jackets off the cannons ! we are to fire on our own ship ?
but i survived . and i still have that single shot . it 's meant for one man . my mutinous first mate --
captain norrington ... i appreciate your fervor , but i am concerned about the effect this subject will have on my daughter .
mr. sim i want you to return to dr . bright 's . i believe she is hiding something of ours there .
we will always love most that which we create . don 't you agree , susan ?
i can explain it . attempted murder wasn 't enough for him . he wants to add kidnapping to the charges .
it remains to be seen who is the good guy and who is the bad guy . history is written by the victor .
please , o'brien , don 't do this to me ! i 'll give you anything you want !
you can 't do this ! you owe me , o'brien . i made you plastic ! i made you !
the fact is , that the milk has been spilled and now we need you to tell us how to clean it up .
well , at this time , i mean that is to say , it is difficult to project --
dr. makeo is working on it now , sir . i estimate at least another six hours .
of course you understand , dr. argon , that once the nanobot is inside of you , there is no going back --
here , kid , this is great stuff . why don 't you give it a try ?
he 's probably right , sir , the building is probably going to collapse under its own weight .
i 'm sorry i brought the whole thing up ! if you 're gon na flip your wig --
i think while we 're waiting , we had better run some basic diagnostics on you .
daniel , just forget argon . let 's get out of here . we 'll find another way to stop the waste .
if you don 't have any questions , i 'll let you get back to doing your job .
oh , stew and i went for a long ride . dexter , is there any finishing school we can send him to ?
you know something , lady , if you sold life insurance , i 'd go for a policy in sixty seconds .
ah ! but you don 't know who bobo is . and you don 't know who babykins is .
won 't even pretend it isn 't a very great favor . i wish there was something i could do for you
now mother , your attitude is perfectly ridiculous . it 's done now . stewart and i are married .
a little ? sure , i 'll be right up . he 's all right . i like him .
i 've got a present . shut your eyes . keep 'em closed . i know you 're going to love them .
you know , stewart , you failed to mention that miss gallagher was a very beautiful young girl .
gallagher and myself just came over here to do a little work on a story -
you 're sure going to be poison to that junior leaguer [ 4 ] from now on !
well , well , well ! gallagher , old pal ! there you are . what did you run away for ?
oh , i 'll call you up some time . and if your social duties permit - why -
you know what i should do with you ? i should sock you right in that funny little nose .
well , you 're not getting your play done , but you 're certainly covering a lot of territory .
i wouldn 't worry too much about it , stew . she 'll see it your way .
well , well . that takes it out of the rumor class , doesn 't it ?
wait a minute . do i get from you that she wants to pay me alimony ?
dexter grayson , you told me it was only ten thousandand you didn 't even get those letters from that jezebel !
it isn 't done , gentlemen ! it isn 't done , i say ! it isn 't done !
why no . she 's still on her date with biff ... is something the matter ?
i sure am glad you said you 'd come out with me tonight mary sue .
`` it was big 'n brown 'n kept goin ' an ' goin ' as far you could see . ''
do you mind . this is like the most important moment of my whole life .
couple of cheeseburgers and two cherry cokes . if you need anything , i 'll be right over there .
um ... they like wan na ask you a question ... i didn 't know how to handle it . so ...
besides . you think there 's like a chance i 'm gon na get into college back there ?
okay , whose window did bud break when he was playing with his father 's golf clubs ?
look -- we appreciate it . we really do . we just -- we want to go home now .
well how do you know it won 't go back to the way it was ?
hey , hey , you should ask her out -- what do you think , she 's cute , right ?
six months , maybe five , five or six months ... do you wan na check that ?
it was great to meet you again . to see you again , thanks for helping me yesterday --
can i pay you here ? can i pay you for our drinks and salad ?
i don 't believe it . the marquis de sade ? you 're actually publishing his novels ?
if you 're going to slander him , then you don 't deserve to hear his stories --
i was wrong to free him , but so are you -- for taking all his treasures -- his quills and his ink --
if you 'd grant me a final favor , i 'd like the chance to explain myself --
you 've a touch of the poet , too ; perhaps you should take up the quill .
i 'll die of loneliness ! i 've no company but the characters i create --
that 's a turkish weave , you numbskull ; it costs more than you 'll earn in your lifetime --
i fucked her countless times ! in every orifice ! and all the while , she plead for more --
he 's made a great success of our little theater ; there 's seldom an empty seat . not to mention its therapeutic value .
quickly , my suckling , out of your clothes ! my scepter awaits ; how solid it grows !
you 're more than a priest ; you 're an angel ! ain 't he , maddy ?
my newest book begins at my right cuff , continues across my back , and completes itself at the base of my left shoe ...
you 've no right to assault me in this fashion ; i 'll call for my footman . i 'll have you removed --
quite . and this is why i came to visit . have you heard about this citizen kane picture ?
this is the chance you 've been waiting for , boy . tell that son of a bitch just what you think of him !
look at those hands . those are the hands of an artist . a modern caravaggio .
i -- um -- i don 't know if i should . i ain 't been drinking since i started on this --
here 's your carrots . you 're in such a hurry . you can 't wait .
was vickie part of the deal with tommy ? was my wife part of the deal ? tell me , was that it ?
don 't fight anymore ! it 's a free country , don 't fight anymore !
you 're the fuckin ' animal ! you ran around with every guy i knew while i was breakin ' my ass for you .
it was in her favorite handbag -- and , mr. doyle , that can lead to only one conclusion .
of course , it 's normal for a man to tie his trunk up with a heavy rope .
mrs. -- thorwald 's -- clothes . -- clean -- carefully packed -- not too stylish -- but presentable .
just don 't dally . thorwald knows he 's being watched . he won 't hang around long .
stella -- in economics , a kidney ailment has no relationship to the stock market . absolutely none .
when i married myles , we were both maladjusted misfits . we still are . and we 've loved every minute of it .
there 's a dip at this end . and since when do flowers grow shorter in two weeks ?
you know ? you might not be too bad a bargain for lisa after all .
it 's opening night of the last depressing week of l. b. jefferies in a cast .
oh ... some songwriter . in the studio apartment . lives alone . probably had an unhappy marriage .
oh , i do that all the time . whenever i have a few minutes after lunch .
something 's in there . those flowers have been taken up , and put back again .
you know you did wrong . that 's the main thing , isn 't it ?
i guess when i nearly died giving birth to you -- that shows how much i don 't care !
she keep it to protect herself , sir . she scared without a man in the house .
they not together , sir . we don 't see him in a long time now .
do you know why you shot those puppies , john ? is that what they call you or do you have a nickname ?
excuse me -- but -- you know where i can find -- i mean i don 't remember his last name --
i think his first name 's ray -- i have to see him . it 's very important .
jim -- do you think when the end of the world comes it 'll be at night ?
jimmy , you 're very young -- and a foolish decision now could wreck your whole life .
children ? well , we really don 't encourage them . they 're so noisy and troublesome , don 't you agree ?
you 're too old for that kind of stuff , kiddo . i thought you stopped doing that long ago .
he 'd rather die than be with you , he 'd make a fucked-up boyfriend anyway . bury him all over the place .
y'know something , baby ? if you were my sister ? i 'd still want to wake up christmas morning with you ...
slinky 's in aisle five , twister 's in aisle one , moon mud 's in aisle four .
i 'm not him . i ... you want something from nick , you got the wrong guy .
let 's get back on the road . it 's time to start talking , nick . time to start telling tales --
a cowboy . you 're going to send me into an indian casino disguised as a cowboy . have you thought this entirely through ?
he thought i was some gambler ... he didn 't know me ... he didn 't recognize me !
you are lucky , convict . you 're spending christmas with the birthday boy himself --
i can 't ! go back ! i can 't ! go back ! i can 't ! go back !
hi , santa claus , how are you . he 's with sears , i 'm with wal-mart , twas the season ...
that 's great , guy , thanks a bunch . when do you think you 'll need me for real work ?
toby ... who the fuck is toby ? toby ... toby ... think ... think ... think ...
hey , fuck all that , i 'm making a point here . you 're gon na make me lose my train of thought .
because you paid for the breakfast , i 'm gon na tip . normally i wouldn 't .
i ain 't going anywhere . i 'm right here . i 'm not gon na leave ya .
uhuh , uhuh , what 's i tell ya ? that sick piece of shit was a stone cold psycho .
you wan na shoot me , you little piece of shit ? take a shot !
he got it in the belly . he 's still alive , but won 't be for long .
... hey , i know what i 'm talkin ' about , black women ain 't the same as white women .
who cares what your name is ? who cares if you 're mr . pink , mr. purple , mr. pussy , mr. piss ...
of course it 'll work . you can get another girl to fill out the act .
no , i 'm not all right . i 'm soaked and i hit myself against that rock .
go on , take it . then you can 't spend the rest of the trip expecting to get paid .
i can 't change either . not unless somebody wants me enough to give me a hand .
you might tell a fellow things , 'specially if the fellow 's your brother , seems to me .
they sure must have been travelin ' . this keeps up we can start a store .
it 's all right with me if she teaches you , but i don 't want you forgettin ' your job .
all right , i hurt your feelings . but you know better than to go lightin ' fires .
i said keep your nose out of my life . no kid is going to tell me how to run it .
it is so your fault and ... and i guess maybe when we hit the ranch ... you andme better ...
you can light the lamp . i 'm sure glad it 's you . we were afraid those killers might come back .
mary , honey . i talked too much , like always -- he thinks you told elaine the things i told her .
pleased to meet you , ma'am . we found your trunk . were you doin ' the driven ' ?
well , if that 's hanson , then who 's the guy with the hand ?
no , i just heard the commotion , and when i got there i guess it was gone .
tell me , cindy . would you ever tell me `` stop . if you loved me you 'd stop . ''
professor , is this the same house that a young girl was possessed by a demon or something ?
yes . the scored all over the kiersey temperament sorter just like you asked for .
ooh , you hair is so soft and silky . what do you use on it ?
it 's the best seat in the house . i warmed it up for you .
how about mrs. ackerman ? we both hate her ! should she be the next victim ?
well , your mother 's going to pta today . we 'll see what your teacher has to say .
tell me the truth , mom ! it 's ok with me , really ! are you a serial killer ?
we hope so , son . and no matter what your mother is , we 'll love her anyway .
there 's dede ! he 's my favorite chickadee ! he 's here every morning for breakfast .
i 'm sorry , honey . but the birds will still be there next week .
let 's say grace and pray that we have the strength to understand the terrible tragedies of the last few days .
well , this magazine was found in your trash just last night ... ... it 's called `` chicks with dicks '' .
ooohhhhhh ! i made it all up ! i never saw beverly sutphin in my life !
yummy . carl says if i lose ten pounds , he 'll take me to the university of maryland fall mixer .
she did it ! aimed the car right at mr. stubbins and mowed him down !
mr. ward will see you in just a few minutes . won 't you wait , dr. judd ?
you 're a curious man . you 're willing to jeopardize jacqueline 's life in order to satisfy your own curiosity .
it 's not just for myself i 'm asking . her sister is here . the kid 's half crazy with anxiety .
i thought i might close up the apartment -- maybe get a place in connecticut .
well , then i have spoiled your dinner -- `` your food won 't digest , and your wine will sour . ''
would it be asking too much , miss gottschalk , for you to get me these books ?
i 'm afraid this is no time to play cyrano , my friend . what was in your mind ?
i suppose , jason , that you 'll speak for your friend -- -- and your poetry will speak for you .
yes . you could become a country wife -- fool around with petunias and pullets .
no -- the rent in paid . the lady asked us to promise , i wouldn 't open the door .
i have taken care of mary . i 've spoken to her . she 's going back to school .
you have only to stretch out your hand , take up the glass and drink a little .
we ... don 't usually let people smoke in the house . we have a patio if you --
maybe you 'll understand this , because you know john , but he confuses me sometimes .
now , you said never take advice from someone that you don 't know intimately , right ?
so since i 've never had sex with you , by your own advice i shouldn 't accept your advice .
i 'm not sure why i came here . i had kind of decided not to talk to you after ... you know .
goddammit , goddammit ! ! that son of a bitch ! ! well , at least i know you didn 't fuck him .
there are many things that can exert control over one 's life , good and bad . religion , greed , philanthropy , drugs .
did he ask me to take my clothes off ? no , he didn 't .
well , why would she want a sun dress ? she 's got spots on her shoulders and varicose veins .
i can 't let my lunch hour go on too long . i 've already skipped one meeting .
graham , i swear to christ i 'll kill your scrawny ass . now give me those tapes .
your keys , asshole ! ! your two fucking keys ! ! give them to me ! !
oh , you feel very good , betts . you have such a cosy body . i 'm jealous , i 'm so skinny .
make love to me , make love to me , love , love to me ...
ok . it 's apartment 1009 , south tower , starliner towers . may as well go there directly .
with fast food farley at the helm it 'll be tv dinners from now on .
macy struthers -- god i must have been blind -- still , the weaker the man , the dumber the blonde .
look . look at that . bert schnick can see . why ... he 's ... dancing .
like a virgin with an ' urgin ' in a surgery i 'll be swinging -- i 'll be bringing out the nurse in me
it 's only one night , janet . let 's not forget who we 're doing this for ?
just one or two details . does he have any living relatives ? blood relatives ?
i feel the heat from your skin and the stubble on your chin you 're no good
so all in all it 's going to be an exciting new series for us ...
huh . maybe a little strawberry . yeah , strawberry . i 'm not so sure about the cheese .
shut up ! shut up ! shut up ! what 's the matter with you , man ? shut up !
i bet you that chick is two tons of fun . you know , the grateful type .
yeah , i know what you mean . it 's a long drive up here . where 're you staying ?
hope you like it . feel free to stop reading at any time . i 'll take no offense .
i guess i just thought there was still some hope for us somewhere down the road and i just , i just --
see this is why we 're not watching those news reports . people get obsessed . i 'm letting go now .
tell me something morgan . in that book of your , did they happen to detail what would happen if they were hostile ?
if we charge them , they won 't have a chance . but we got ta get to the horses .
two of the horses ran off , but that pinto you 're riding hung around .
cobb , i want you to meet emmett . he 's a friend of mine . this is sheriff cobb .
this is it , gents . my ma told me to head south past that rock .
this is mighty sweet , paden . i think i finally found my place in the world .
you got ta calm down , paden . everything will be put straight in a few days .
you wouldn 't be needing any help around here , would you ? maybe with the gambling ?
but not everyone 's imaginary , are they , mr. taransky ? i refer , of course , to edith .
of course she is . no other name is going to sign on now and risk offending her .
god , viktor . why do you always have to make things so difficult for yourself ?
-- simone , the question on everyone 's mind is simply ... `` why ? ''
well , we got some of taransky 's fingerprints , a lot of your fingerprints ... but none of hers .
i just needed to do a couple of things . and i needed to tell you something .
i don 't know how the story ends . i hope it 's a happy ending .
i believe both of you now . and i think i might know how to make them go away .
what if they don 't want help ? what if they 're just angry and they want to hurt somebody ?
i work at an insurance place and at penny 's , so cole can go to that good school .
okay , farm boy . joke 's over . you 've been playin ' me from jump street . where 's my nikes ?
you know , one day i 'm going to have to shut down that still of yours , jeremiah .
yeah , man . you were wrong , suze . my solo definitely works better in the second verse .
hey . could you be a little more insensitive ? we 're on our way to a funeral for crissake .
you wan na know the difference ? the difference is that you 're screwing up the song .
that young lady heard you say 'squid . ' she 's gon na go out and create a goddamn hysteria !
bill , i heard what you 're doing . i think i should go along .
was always curious why you ... married grant in the first place ... just never seemed outta love .
after all this shit tonight , i know for sure now you regret not running off with me to hollywood !
we can probably get some first aid and food at this gas station up here .
he 's got ta be in the forest . all three ranches run alongside it .
and then we get here , the castavets ' , where last night 's shit -- storm took place .
surprised you 're able to lift a mug after carrying that torch for so long .
some kids found her necklace near tipper creek , as well as what might be her blood on a rock .
grant ? grant , i 'm hungry . i 'm so fuckin ' hungry i think i 'm gon na die .
ain 't no mystery to it . she 's raised in them shanties off st. luc . dirt -- poor .
so he drags the cow backwards here . only he prolly didn 't know 'bout the castavets had them dogs .
i 'm working , bandit . besides , what 's the matter ? won 't your new girl friend help you ?
bandit ii . we 'll be back on the highway in a second . over .
yes , but no -- we have personnel stationed at both ends of that hall , twenty-four hours a day .
right now ? a six man security force , plus a member of our butler staff . so seven men total .
his law firm , same one that hired me . israel walked out after he made bail and nobody 's seen him since .
i said that we were returning his call and you were real concerned , because he sounded real concerned .
answer your fucking pages ! i 've been calling for fifteen minutes , we need you up here to clean now !
what the hell -- what is this ! ? people died . agent carruthers is dead !
well , i 'm hearin ' the swede 's been dispatched , he 's flying so --
girl one of these fools has an fbi badge on him ! is this the one that was doing the inspection ?
you have to give me your word you won 't come in . then i 'll come out .
thinking what you were doing and saying , just being consumed by thinking of you . i loved it so much , that feeling .
i 'm sure there are worse people to talk to , but i don 't know who they are .
you mean to tell me , a mugger would stay away from someone because they walked a certain way ?
he doesn 't want to sleep here . neither do i . it 's not my house anymore .
what do you think ? any chance ? there 's nothin ' else i 'm any good at , but this .
hey mike , out of the bag into the bureau , huh ... how do you like it so far ?
hey , guys . check it out -- i saw this dud on the tube last night . he is incredibly cool .
come on , that 's pure luck ! the guy was in the right place at the right time --
oh , that ? it 'll come unstuck in a half-hour or so . your mouth needs the rest . bye .
eat alone , got ta read . social defense tactic 17 peter , that jacket is foul . lose your glasses ?
in this obsolete little cyclotron , i 'm solving the greatest physics problem of the 20th century . with more power , i could --
a bit melodramatic but if you could prove it that would tie in your unified field theory , the big bang , kaluza-klein --
what 's the matter ? you on their team now ? you think i 'm the guy ?
if you don 't want to tell me , why don 't you tell hoffy ? or security ?
so long , cookie . the department store is all yours . what 's left of it .
hold it , sefton . so we heard some shots -- so who says they didn 't get away ?
come on , trader horn ! let 's hear it : what 'd you give the krauts for that egg ?
nice guy ! the krauts shoot manfredi and johnson last night and today he 's out trading with them .
static is right ! the radio 's static , patton 's static , we 're static !
here 's the knife to do it with . only make sure you got the right throat .
the s.s. men are here to pick up dunbar . they 're taking him to berlin . looks like he 's finished .
that 's the general idea . only it 's not so general as far as i 'm concerned .
why don 't we accept , animal ? the worst that can happen is we wind up a couple of lamp shades .
thanks . you 're a real pal ! what 're we goin ' to do with it ?
ain 't that too bad ! tomorrow he 'll have to suck a raw egg !
wait a minute . we have some rights here . why is this man being taken out ?
you 're wasting your time , duke . outside , everybody ! let 's get it over with .
it 's not schulz . it 's that stoolie . whoever he is , he 's sure batting a thousand .
if i were you , sefton , i 'd eat that egg some place else . like for instance under the barrack .
are we going to stand around here and listen to him until the germans find out where dunbar is ?
wunderbar ! maybe they are too wunderbar for my wife . but there is a piano teacher in the village --
hey , schulz -- as long as you 're going to move somebody in -- how about a couple of those russian broads ?
courage is an emotion too , data . now , can you project the course of the ribbon ?
now , you said the gravitational forces in this sector have been altered , could that also affect the course of the ribbon ?
but at the first sign of trouble , i 'm going to deactivate it . agreed ?
i don 't want a science lecture . you were on that observatory looking for trilithium . why ?
don 't you think you 're taking this a little too far , number one ?
captain , im sorry . i know there were a lot of unresolved conflicts between you and your brother .
nothing for me . i understand there 's something urgent you need to discuss with me .
careful , captain . that 's a fifty gigawatt forcefield . i wouldn 't want to see you get hurt .
have geordi and data go over with the next away team . tell them to scan the observatory for trilithium .
sensor records show a solar probe was launched from the observatory a few moments ago .
i have spoken to the klingon high council , sir . they identified the bird of prey as belonging to the duras sisters .
unit two , this is one . the kobayashi maru has set sail for the promised land . acknowledge .
captain ... the logical alternative is obvious ... beaming down to the surface is permitted ...
as promised , she 's all yours , sir . all systems automated and ready . a chimpanzee and two trainees could run her .
mr. scott : two photon torpedoes at the ready . sight on the center of the mass .
i say again : grissom , this is enterprise . admiral kirk calling captain esteban or lieutenant saavik . come in !
there are two more prisoners , admiral . do you want them killed too ? surrender your vessel !
ambassador , i -- i had no idea you were here ... i think you know my crew ...
bless me , doctor ; and what beams you into this neck of the woods ?
i 've got the sick bay ready . will someone please tell me what is going on ?
lieutenant , you are looking at the only starfleet cadet who ever beat the no-win scenario --
will you please be quiet ! we must have order here . this has to be some sort of mistake .
he left us . we were no longer of use . saavik where is the reliant crew ? dead ?
khan , listen to me ! captain kirk was only doing his duty ! you --
i 'm getting a voice message ... wait ... short range band . they say their chambers coil is shorting their comm system .
enterprise to reliant : you are ordered to surrender your vessel . respond ! nothing , sir .
the energizer 's bypassed like a christmas tree -- so don 't give me too many bumps .
spock , this is kirk . it 's two hours . are you about ready ?
i assume you are loitering here to learn what efficiency rating i plan to give your cadets .
their coil emissions are normal ... wait : their shields are going up . they 're locking phasers -- !
you 've got to learn why things work on a starship . it 's coming through now , khan ...
i think we can guarantee she 'll follow us , mr. saavik . remind me to explain to you the concept of human ego .
begging the admiral 's pardon : general order 15 : 'no flag officer shall beam into a hazardous area without armed escort . '
we commend the soul of our brother departed . we love we commit his body to the depths of space .
jim , you 've got to let me go in there ! don 't leave him in the hands of twentieth century medicine .
oh , the complete works of jacqueline susan , the novels of harold robbins ... .
it 's her -- from the institute . if we play our cards right , we may learn when those whales are really leaving .
individual whale song getting stronger ... this is strange , admiral . the song is directly ahead . it 's coming from san francisco .
ironic . when man was killing these creatures , he was destroying his own future ...
don 't know anything about it ? i find it difficult to believe that i 've come millions of miles --
i know what a hologram is , captain . the question is -- why would someone want to create one of our village ?
there 's one thing i don 't understand . in three hundred years ... you never learned to swim ?
right beyond that ridge is where the caves begin ... we can hide for days ...
but i have three hundred and eighteen days of vacation time coming . i plan on using them .
do you really think your mighty federation would be interested in protecting six hundred people ?
take us into a high orbit . lie down , admiral . the girls will take twenty years off your face ...
your self-restraint puzzles me , admiral . you continue to deny yourself every benefit this mission has to offer ...
your android has turned dangerously violent , captain ... considerable damage was done to my ship . he must be destroyed .
there is an alternative to an all- out assault . isolinear tags would allow our transporters to lock on to them .
i ... i must have slept through my alarm . i 'm on my way ...
we 've downloaded all the files on the duck blind mission as well as intelligence reports on the son'a .
his automatic reflexes are fluctuating . we 've got to get him on a respirator .
the occipital fracture is widening ... we 're going to have to fuse the bones ...
i am ... grateful for what you have given me . but i still do not wish to be assimilated .
no ... no , it 's so ... empty ... please ... give it back ... i need it ...
the borg ship has modified its shields , captain . our phasers will no longer be effective .
mister data , i want to know the exact date and time . give me a damage report on that missile silo .
the planet 's surface is covered with borg technology . so is the moon ... and three other planets in this solar system .
i have the silo , sir . bearing three one zero ... distance , three hundred meters .
blast door . it 's designed to protect the control room when the missile is launched .
there 's no temporal shielding in here ! we 're starting to pick up relativistic effects !
time travel ... they 're attempting time travel ... full power , mister data . worf , quantum torpedoes at my command !
they must 've done it in the past ... they went back and changed history ...
casualties are light , captain . minor buckling on the port nacelle . nothing serious .
i have assigned two damage control teams to locate the source of our communication problems . so far , they 've had no success .
we saw at least thirty ... and there are twenty-two enterprise crewmembers reported missing ... including commander data .
to control the enterprise , they 'll have to gain access to one of two locations . main engineering ... or the bridge .
all right ... we 've lost control of eight decks ... three cargo bays ... one shuttlebay .
to do what ? if they wanted a weapon , they could 've taken over a phaser bank or torpedo bay ...
no response . i 'm not reading any starfleet com traffic in this entire sector .
they may be trying to send a message to the other borg ... the borg in this time period ...
pity they 're retiring us just as i was starting to understand you , spock ...
bones , why don 't you see what you can do ? let them know we 're not holding a grudge .
mr. chekov , slow down . take us forward , thrusters only , one quarter impulse power .
you must have cursed yourself , for having programmed our data banks , lieutenant . only they revealed something wrong aboard enterprise .
that 's not his knee . not everybody keeps their genitals in the same place , captain .
when whoever it is makes their move , you won 't be here to ask if he 's the one .
i believe the captain feels that starfleet 's mission has always been one of peace -
i don 't believe our own conduct will distinguish us in the annals of diplomacy ...
it 's pretty chaotic over there . there 's been some weapons fire and a lot of shouting ...
but it was when you tried to persuade me the captain was guilty that i should have understood .
at least we must keep track of where they are taken , sir . i -
they 're naturally wary , ma'am . we 've been at war a long time .
i 've pulled out my - uh wooden shoe and starfleet is screaming for us to return to port .
can you tell me how you came to be on the planet where we found you ?
jean luc , whatever you were ... right now you 're the man you 've made yourself . he 's someone else .
but we do have one advantage . he needs your blood to live . he might come after you first .
isolated pockets of humanoids . it appears to be a pre-warp civilization at an early stage of industrial development .
we have lost structural integrity on decks twelve through seventeen , sections four through ten .
i read six distinct positronic signatures , spread out over a few kilometers on the surface .
he 's getting his cloak back . we have exhausted our compliment of photon torpedoes . phaser banks are down to four percent .
you have the bridge , commander . use all available power to move away from the scimitar . now , mister la forge .
captain , with all due respect to diplomatic protocols -- the federation council 's not sitting out here , we are .
the titan 's a fine ship , will . and she 's getting a captain worthy of her .
i hope you 'll forgive the darkness ... we 're not comfortable in the light .
don 't be afraid . do what i told you and you 'll be okay .
here are two quarters . when you lose these , you 're not going to get anymore .
oh god , man ... don 't shoot me ... my mistake ... i 'm sorry ...
that 's because the ones that were hurt , died . they couldn 't talk to you .
nothing up there ... the grass is matted down in a few places , but that could have been anything .
and then she said , 'since we 're going to be spending so much time together -- '
you 're crazier than i thought , lenny . coming here ... tran 's just in there .
yeah , i 'm interested , but can we get someplace a little less public ?
i just hate to see you pining away . it makes me want to vomit , frankly . broken hearts are for assholes .
that 's right . he wants to share . needs an audience . this is one sick puppy .
no . i suppose not . i didn 't know you were colorblind , max .
so ... i killed tran . then you ran in , being on his payroll , and shot me .
the question is not whether i am paranoid , but whether i am paranoid enough . you want to rub my neck ?
the only card we have to play is the tape . you know , we get it to the media somehow ...
no . i haven 't noticed because i make my payments . so , max pelcher , how 's the p.i . business ?
he 's skull-fucking you , bud . trying to get a reaction . maybe pushing you to do something .
agent duncan , there 's an interstate issue up on 54 , run out there .
ripped off . by hand , my guess . perimortal : victim was alive at the time , there 's blood on his throat .
chuck , hello . this is agent kulok . she has a background in medical forensics .
you should have seen the store manager at parade of shoes . she was inconsolable .
uncuff me . what 's wrong with you ? don 't you want to save the boy ?
bitch ! cunt ! please , please , please don 't do this , agent kulok . you need me .
[ if you wanted a good steak , you should have gone to omaha . ]
do you realize that i 've been waiting for that call for six months and i cut her off ?
you want to come with us to a party at the chateau marmont ? they got a bungalow and lots of beautiful babies .
i know what you 're saying , man . i don 't know what to tell you ...
you said there are advantages to being single . i want to know what the advantages are .
you asshole . why are you carrying a gun ? what ? in case someone steps to you , snoop dogg ?
there you two are . i walked around for an hour with that stupid martini on my tray .
laugh all you want , but if you call to soon you can scare off a nice baby who 's ready to party .
... well , then , i guess we don 't have to worry about him anymore .
you filthy guinea spoiled brat . clean it up or i 'll kick your head in .
we got ta fight sometime . let us at least recruit our regimes to full strength .
all right , hollywood ... now tell me about this hollywood pezzonovanta who won 't let you work .
you look wonderful , kid ; really wonderful . that doctor did some job on your face .
mike , you sure about moe selling . he never mentioned it to me and he loves the business .
tom , you 're the consigliere ; you can talk to the don and advise him .
the old man wants you ; johnny 's here ... he 's got a problem .
maybe mike shouldn 't get mixed up in this so directly . you know the old man doesn 't want that .
hello kay . your father 's inside , doing some business . he 's been asking for you .
most important ... i want a sure guarantee that no more attempts will be made on my father 's life .
dubious but special honor , tom -- crewing dickie 's boat . alright , bar 's open .
if you 're not at my place by 7.00 , tom and i are running off together .
well , she was already dead , darling , wasn 't she , so i suppose --
without the glasses you 're not even ugly . i don 't need them because i never read . how do i look .
what 's the fight about ? that 's her fiancee , isn 't it ? are they blaming him ?
come on , frederico , do you really have to go back ? at least stick around for the festival of the madonna .
pleasure to meet you , dickie 's made a fine catch . i know emily thinks so .
which is ridiculous . boats are female , everyone knows you can 't call a boat after a man .
peter smith-kingsley . i 've heard about you , of course -- from marge , and dickie .
she stayed in the cab , what 's she gon na do ? but she stiffed me . a real skunk .
well , you ever need one , i know a feller that kin getcha a real nice deal . lotsa shit around .
some fleet driver for bell just got cut up . just heard it on the radio .
john mason . ' don 't be shocked . i don 't have much time . please listen carefully ... .
you referring to your intellect , goodspeed ? or another portion of your= anatomy ... .
st. michael 's church , fort walton , kansas . front pew . right leg . = hollow .
i 'm sure a lot of people down in l.a. are worried sick about you .
daddy , that 's luke , can you let him in ? i 'll be right down .
besides , daddy 's still trying to figure out how to get his new television set working .
now , i see that you 've been running a movie theater in lawson called `` the bijou , '' is that also true ?
doc , with your permission , i want to bring someone in here . maybe it 'll jar this young man 's memory .
i promised him a new uniform when we re-opened . and you 'll get one , too .
'sides , car 's right outside . i 'll be seein ' ya , jer .
pete , there 's time before the picture starts , you want to get some popcorn ?
yeah , but she 'll be hitting all that traffic going back to san francisco .
mitch ? do ... do you think they 'll be all right ? in the trunk ? can they breath ?
mrs. bundy , you don 't seem to understand . this young lady says there was an attack on the school .
i didn 't even know there were many crows in bodega bay this time of year .
there 's nothing wrong with those chickens , mitch . i 'm going to call fred brinkmeyer right now .
if i go across to santa rosa i 'll come onto the freeway much earlier .
no , it 's me , mrs. brenner . i thought you might like some tea .
i 'm sure they 're on the way , though . could i just call ?
i just came from the school , madam . i don 't know about their brain pans but ...
hello , may i speak to mitch brenner , please ? yes , i 'll wait .
doesn 't it seem odd that they 'd wait all that time to start a ... a war against humanity ?
then fight back . get yourselves guns and wipe them off the face of the earth .
something like this happened in santa cruz last year . the town was covered with seagulls .
there , master fettes . sooner than we had expected . a stoke of luck one might say .
oh , you 'll have ample opportunity -- ample -- good morning , dr. fettes .
even so , i could never think of going on -- i 've got to find some other profession .
here is where you must watch closely , gentleman -- closely -- it is the very heart of the matter --
i suppose one must pass through this purgatory to the heaven of being a good doctor .
he 'll not leave the grave -- not since wednesday last when we buried the lad .
oh , it 's you , gray . well , come in . sit down . have a glass with me .
i am a doctor - a good doctor . i could make her walk , but she won 't - she won 't --
you say you 've come here on your own account ? no one knows you are here ?
i have made you give me money , but you smile . aren 't you angry ?
one chance to tell the truth , tommy . who is the man with the scar ? he planted this in my car .
you 're him ! you 're corvis ! we fried your ass . you 're dead , man !
if you had a license , i bet i 'd have seen it by now . how old are you ? fifteen ?
bet he is , mom . bet he 's out looking for that space man .
boy , i 'll bet he 's strong . i bet he could knock down a whole building .
i 'm at bleeker 's getting an appraisal on that diamond . i thought we might have lunch together .
mr. carpenter -- this is none of my business , but -- why did that detective come here last night ?
the professor 's secretary says she found you in barnhardt 's room , making marks on his blackboard .
yeah , you think we just work in a comic book store for our dad , huh ?
lucy , you 're the only woman i ever knew didn 't improve her situation by getting divorced .
sam ! what happened ! ? you had me scared to death . are you all right ?
clark , did you notice anything strange about that dog ? just anything at all ? any little thing ?
why didn 't it imitate fuchs ? isn 't that its number -- to get more recruits .
lighten your load , sucker . you ain 't the judge and executioner around here !
... nothing human could have made it back here in this weather without a guideline ...
... ever occur to the jury that anybody could have gotten to some of my clothes and stuck them up ...
can there be ... some kind of test ? to find out who 's what ?
look , if you 're going to keep bitching , macready -- palmer 's offered to take him up ...
how we going to try and find out who 's ... you know , who 's who ?
that thing 's too smart to be hiding any more of its clothes , macready .
she didn 't want me to be a climber . she wanted me to be a planner like her .
in for a penny , in for a pound . do you know that saying ?
now i know you 're ill -- passing up the chance to explore some new gadget .
all right . i 'll come for dinner . and in the meantime ... you 'll think about what we discussed ?
and this would be my study . there was an elm tree outside the window then .
i 'm going to sit with kalen . keep the fire burning if you can .
that 's right ! goddamn , you 're the spitting image . i didn 't know he had a son .
he died because he bled to death from a blow to his head . someone had to have given him it .
it 's the ticking of a box on a sheet of paper no one cares about .
where ? [ beat ] it 's becker isn 't it ? he 's doing stuff , isn 't he ?
of course he will . [ beat ] what day of the week is it ?
you should be careful . you could be killed if they found you out here .
at the end , he made me change my mind about a lot of things .
it 's important for you to know who your father was , isn 't it ?
william , i can 't indulge these delusions , even when you 're in this state .
oh no , you 're pretty young . your body 'll be able to handle a lot more of it than you think ...
it 's worse than war . it 's worse than anywhere you 've ever been .
in case you hadn 't figured , it 's christmas eve . you 're never gon na get a cab here .
i only lit it because it was so cold in here . i 'm sorry if ...
how do you know i took it ? how do you know they didn 't just give it to me ?
hey ! don 't let them shoot those girls . this is too much . they got guns pointed at 'em !
don 't . i 'm married . i don 't feel good . i 've been sick .
you 're kinda the best thing that 's happened to me in a long time .
stop it ! stop it , jimmy , or i 'll leave right now . i 'm not kiddin ' !
well , wait now . i still have to ask darryl if i can go .
alright ... i changed my mind . i 'll have a margarita with and a shot of cuervo on the side , please .
thelma , i 'm gon na hit the little girls ' room , and then we got ta hit the road .
besides , what do we say about the robbery ? no excuse for that . no such thing as justifiable robbery .
look ! look who it is , thelma . i 'll be darned . what 's he doin ' way out here .
i don 't want to talk about it ! thelma , i 'm not kidding ! don 't you even ...
i 'm warning you , thelma . you better drop it right now ! i don 't want to talk about it !
i told you to slow down . hell , officer , i told her to slow down .
i know it 's crazy , louise , but i just feel like i 've got a knack for this shit .
i guess we shoulda made some kinda plan for what to do if we get caught .
this wasn 't your first time , was it , ted ? how many we talking ?
this is a good one , mare . sounds like his partner 's all lubed up .
jesus , you know what ? this shit doesn 't even taste good to me anymore .
no ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
hi , i 'm out drinking champagne and roses ... and i 'm really happy . leave a message . beep .
really ? but he 's been married for twenty years -- they 've got six kids .
that stalker ted got to you , right ? you 're working for him , aren 't you , you little shit ?
jesus , mary , you got ta hear this -- some cop 's staking out this broad 's apartment .
sure . uh , magda , why don 't you get some more cheese and crackers ... ?
i can 't believe this is happening . i 'm supposed to be meeting him in an hour .
uh , well ... not exactly . you see , i exaggerated a little there .
that 's really sweet , ted , but you should save it for one of your books .
um , ted , i need a moment with magda -- would you let the dog out of the bathroom .
as if dealing with the russians wasn 't hard enough , we got ta worry about our own house .
we 're going to have to stop a ship eventually , show the quarantine 's got teeth , or we 'll prove mccone right .
who gives a shit about the midterms now ? the soviets are putting nuclear weapons ninety miles away from us .
jack , i 'm as conniving as they come , but a sneak attack is just wrong .
we gave so much to get here . i don 't know . sometimes i think what the hell did we do it for ?
does this attack on our plane represent a definitive , intentional escalation on the part of the soviets ?
don 't forget , mrs. higgins wants to talk to you this afternoon about kevin . you need to do something about this .
i saw you out there . you want him to call you back , need you .
how does a man get to a place where he can say , 'throw those lives away , ' so easily ?
that 's going to be tough . you know how these guys are about their chains of command ...
we can horsetrade with khruschev on ships . but it doesn 't get us any closer to removing those missiles .
he 's right , we can 't rescind defcon 2 . the soviets will think we 've gotten sweet on them .
jesus christ , o'donnell , you 're the one saying we need to move forward on a political solution .
didn 't know adlai had it in him . too bad he didn 't have this stuff in '52 .
at least it will expose whether khruschev has been overthrown . we 'll know what we 're dealing with .
now keep that between us , dennis , cuz i don 't know what kinda johnny law they got here .
we got the wire ya was comin ' . you 're the indian official , yeah ?
-- an indian reservation is within the jurisdiction of the federal bureau of intimidation . i know that .
i didn 't know him , sir . he passed away when i was six .
they obviously wanted it to be known that they offed leo . some kind of statement .
and it was full of water when i drove by here three days ago . full . i mean ... a river .
don 't be mad . that was just an old traditional gesture that means hello , how are you .
jimmy didn 't do it , ray . i checked it out . you can stop taggin ' my sister .
next time i 'll be ready . you get the word to who ever it is .
that 's it . the stronghold . get us in there , we got a chance .
now i know why all the girls come here . they know how horny you guys get . but this ... is ridiculous .
hey , if it was easy , everybody would want to come up here and do it ... .. instead of just us .
okay ... okay . but if i land this thing upside down . and i live . i 'll have your butt !
don 't worry ! ! ! ? you 've got it ! ! ? are you crazy ?
look at the weather ! they 'll never find us ! we 're near out of fuel . put it down .
hey mav , this is sally . she doesn 't believe a word i say . tell her i 'm married , will you ?
come on , come on ! it 's double or nothing.. we 're talking twelve bucks american , here .
but , skipper , cougar 's been picked for top gun ... he 's the best of the best !
coogan spent half the night looking for her . he said he was gon na kill the son-of-a-bitch who ruined his sister .
come off right -- come off high -- i 'm in -- i 'll engage .
come on , cohaagen ! you got what you want . give these people air !
what the fuck is going on here ? ! you can 't install a simple goddamn double implant ? !
if we don 't hand you over , everybody in the sector 'll be dead by morning .
o.k . then . if i 'm not me , then who the hell am i ?
the whole core of mars is ice . the reactor melts it and releases oxygen .
a beauty , isn 't it ? we bought three of them for the rec room .
jesus christ , we 're only going nine miles . be there in two hours , tops !
how many cows does it take to make a stampede ? is it like three or more ? is there a minimum speed ?
she 's got us . now , listen , the plan is : we have done our last job in perfection .
well , whatever the hell happened it 's just one more goddamn good reason to haul ass out of this place .
brother , we decided to leave this place just one day too late , you know ?
that means we 're gon na be out here , like , in the dark .
i don 't know . if this one 's any faster than that other one ...
you know , i hate to be crude , but i 'm gon na have to take care of some business here .
damn it . what the hell are they doing ? they 're up to something .
we 're here , val . just tell us what you need . come back .
i don 't believe this . the phone is out ! pham , your phone is out !
yeah , they 're confused . they can feel our vibrations , but they can 't find us .
what ? ! ! since when the hell 's every goddamn thing up to us ? !
listen , they only respond to vibration , right ? couldn 't we ... distract them somehow ?
demerol ? what the fuck is your problem , man ? you wan na die ?
you would have the court believe that these two bullets were fired from the same gun ?
objection , your honor ! the fact that the witness is currently a patient is immaterial !
i move that the witness 's testimony be stricken . he has clearly been terrorized by the prosecution , he 's --
good morning , mr. dowd . do you think you might be up to cross-examining mr. ortega this morning ?
no it 's not the only issue . there 's another issue , for the jury . what about entrapment ?
haven 't heard that one before , ed . but i guess i 'll be hearing it again .
we had information bearing on mr. kim 's desire to gain admission into the joe boys by assassinating a member of a rival gang .
at the trial , you said you were at your apartment that night . alone .
how long did it take badalato to drive jimmy chin 's body from chinatown to the morgue ?
so there goes your theory about the joes giving up shu to protect their trigger man .
eddie this is silly ... are we supposed to pretend nothing 's happened in the last ten years and --
isn 't it unusual for a man who 's just committed a murder in plain sight to bring the weapon back to his apartment ?
you don 't speak any chinese dialects ? then you get your intelligence from snitches ?
to the best of your recollection , were you sober when you performed the tests ?
where were you for the last hour ? i 've been lookin ' for you ?
you weren 't kiddin ' . this stuff 's got the sting of the forty-eight hour blend .
okay , that 's it . i 've had enough of the waiting room now .
it was a year ago today that teresa banks was killed . i 'm wondering if the murderer will ever kill again .
when he says , `` discussion '' , how do you take that , agent desmond ?
do you think that if you were falling in space you would slow down after a while or go faster and faster ?
if i had a nickel for every cigarette your mom smoked , i 'd be dead .
i hate him , i hate it . sometimes i love it . but now i 'm afraid . i am so afraid .
laura , now i can 't find that blue sweater . did you take it again ?
hello , laura . hello sarah . where 's my axe ? `` i 'm hungry '' .
neither is mine . and can 't we talk about something serious for a change .
objection ! this is ri ... expect us to accept a photocopy , we have the original right ...
no , actually , she was referred to me . she was dr. hagman 's patient ...
if i could accept the offer right now , i would . they took it back .
are you saying that a failure to restore the heartbeat within nine minutes in itself constitutes bad medical practice ?
we just can 't do it anymore . this is our chance to get away .
we got a mistrial , you know . joe -- did you hear what i said ... ?
i 've been as close to them as anyone . but not close enough for real observation ...
the rockies ... ! you 'd rather get back to that big family of yours in minnesota , wouldn 't you ?
this martian blood ... let 's make a quick analysis and see what we 've got !
general mann -- i was told to expect you , sir . i 'm colonel heffner .
uncle matthew ... this is dr. clayton forrester . my uncle - dr. matthew collins , pastor of the community church .
better'n a lion farm or a snake pit . we won 't have to feed it !
just an earthquake , dylan . every once in a while we get a few .
mommy 's fine , dylan . just had a bad dream . what 're you doing out of bed ?
yeah , julie , i 'm sorry . i just thought ... there was an earthquake , i think . little one , but ...
no , rex is not going to die . julie , you know where the sewing stuff is , don 't you ?
i thought we 'd find a store , get you fixed up and then get you some lunch . that sound good ?
so when the captain gave you an order contrary to your training , you thought he was making a mistake ?
and i would have expected compensation for my time and expense coming all the way down here .
they think we 're carrying cuban refugees . skipper , they mean to board us .
hell , they even kicked me outa vo- tech 'cause i couldn 't read a slide rule .
damn , porkchop , you sound just like a guy who ain 't never seen a pair .
i don 't know . we got ta get 'im outta here before skipper sees him like this .
you 're a day late . we keep a schedule aboard ship . lives depend on it . hello , philip .
sir , were you aware at any time of the use of alcohol among the crew .
i 'd just soon have a paper bag rather than a plastic one , if it 's same to you .
i thought you two were in austin , texas . or takes-us , as they say in these parts .
only that it 's supposed to be a pretty poor sight since the hurricane came through last year .
why are you in new orleans ? if you don 't mind my askin ' .
musta been a lesson tellin ' ya it was the wrong time ... what did you do , your mama find out ?
sorry , baby ... when 's the first time you done it with a girl who wasn 't hookin ' ?
we 're about dry bones , sweetheart . we don 't wan na have to push this `` bird '' into new orleans .
sure you wan na do this ? might be a way they could track us .
i can 't take this , sailor . she 's dyin ' right in front of our eyes ...
she died right in front of me . why 'd she have to go and do that , sailor ?
i 'm gon na stay here in this room , sailor . i don 't feel so good ? this heat makes me tired .
darlin ' , i still ain 't feelin ' so well . i 'm goin ' to bed .
that man 's a black angel , sailor . you hook up with him , you 'll regret it . if you live to .
you 're comin ' home , precious . santos ' gon na drive us to the san antonio airport .
what he means is , it 's difficult to distill the essence of a book sometimes . it lives in the mind .
i like what you 've done with it . when 's captain nemo moving in ?
jesus . there must be two dozen windows on that thing . how are we supposed to find his ?
oh , christ , don 't start on ol ' gran or we 'll leave you here .
do you have a mirror ? it 's the best way to see if someone 's breathing .
oh . so . is -- is your friend crabtree -- is he -- gay ?
i can 't help myself . i don 't know what 's the matter with me .
don 't be proud , james . we 're in sewickley heights . we could find you a nice golf course to barf on .
i thought you were the guy who didn 't like to lose control of his emotions .
let me spell it out for you , james . books don 't mean anything . not to anybody . not anymore .
can i -- i mean -- do you mind -- if i wear this again . professor tripp ?
and we both thank you for that , but we 're ... we 're ... fine .
his bag . you know that ratty green thing he 's always carrying around . he must 've left it inside .
right . anyway , i was wondering if i could borrow your car . mine 's sort of out of commission .
so . i guess we just divorce our spouses , marry each other , and have this baby , right ? simple .
gee , grady , that sounded so heartfelt . i don 't know whether to swoon or smirk .
but maybe it 's not so healthy being so close , you know , to a school .
bud ! hippy 's on the bitch-box . it 's a call from topside . that new company man .
look , goddamnit , if you won 't do something about it , i will .
can 't get to it . have to pull this panel off . you go any tools ?
okay , look , you swim to the rig and come back with another suit .
triple time sounds like a lotta money , bud . it ain 't . i 'm sorry ...
i think they 're from 'you know ' . some place that has similar conditions ... cold , intense pressure . no light .
look , we 've all made chamber runs to this depth . we 're checked out .
i want 'round-the-clock manning of the sonar shack and the exterior cameras . we need early warning if the soviet craft try another incursion .
he can 't get to the door ... i think he 's going to try and take him himself .
isn 't it fashionable any more to put on a sailor 's cap with the name of the yacht ?
up until now , dad , i 've been the one who hasn 't wanted to marry him .
promise that you won 't try to look for me ... you shouldn 't try to look for me any more ...
let 's get out of here , fast ... this is not a town , it 's a cemetery .
sandro , wait a moment , just one moment ... you seem like an entirely different person ...
you 're that sleepy , eh ? what time do expect to get up tomorrow ?
how do you manage to put up with all this confusion ? you always said people bore you .
corrado , why don 't you ask them to give it to us as a gift ?
claudia , i know how you feel , but there are already two of us staying ...
certainly a radio this small is very practical . it 's especially useful for ... i don 't know ... for traveling .
we 've decided to go to montaldo 's place . in fact , ettore should already be there .
now , tell the truth , aren 't you a bit disappointed ? ... but i already told you ...
you 've made some mistake there with the bushes ... that 's why you can 't finish it .
hello . i 'm doctor livingston . i 've been asked to talk to you . may i ?
god ! it was god . and now i 'll burn in hell because i hate him .
how 'd you like a dirty great drum roll giving you a clout right in the middle of your solo ?
don 't worry , son , we 'll get you the best lawyer trading stamps can buy .
you won 't interfere with the basic rugged concept of my personality , will you , girl ?
we 've got only half an hour till the final run-through . he can 't walk out on us .
will you all stop it , you 're like a gang of school kids . i knew this was going to happen one day .
well , look after him . i don 't want to find you 've lost him .
course he can talk . he 's a human being , like . isn 't he ?
except it will take 75 years to get a reply back . don 't forget how far we are from the colonies , martin .
dell , i want greater magnification . more surface detail . i want to see what this place looks like .
i was scanning the horizon to see what i could pick up . look there , on that screen .
dell , you want to come down , we can figure out where to go from here .
okay , i 'm in the mouth of the chimney now , and i 'm starting down .
hell , you 're in great shape , you 've got your sense of humor back !
i 'm really starving ; can we get some food before we go into the freezers ?
computer ! i 've turned all the cooling units back on ! what 's wrong ?
sorry to interrupt , but i 'm gon na charge up the engines for a minute , okay ?
that one section of the ventilator shaft has only two outlets -- you notice ? the food storage room on one end --
well , uh ... good luck . i hope you won 't need me , but if you do , i 'm here .
it looks completely different from the first one -- it 's more like a worm with legs ... and tentacles .
that thing , god almighty , didn 't you try to get it off him ?
don 't worry , it won 't damage it , it 'll just give it a little incentive .
we can 't pump poison gas down into the cooling unit ! it 'll flood the whole ship !
we 'd better seal off the lower maintenance level ; at least trap it there .
we can 't kill it on board . it 's huge now and must have tremendous amounts of that acid in its body .
well , we can 't go anywhere in this darkness . how long till dawn ?
if we don 't hear from him soon , i think we better go in after him .
too primitive . it 's a pre- technological construction . that slab was engineered by an iron-age culture at best .
men have waited centuries to contact another form of intelligent life in the universe . this is an opportunity which may never come again .
all right , tycoons , let 's stop spending our credit and start worrying about the job at hand .
okay , chaz , i hear you . i 've got you on my board .
that 's the part that always makes me feel like i 'm gon na puke -- when we accelerate into light speed .
that 's a flip-flop gate to channel the air , but we can use it to trap the thing .
that next thing there -- six legs , tentacles -- that 's the thing we saw in the food locker .
this is all the same creature . we 're seeing the different stages in its life-cycle .
yes , and maybe launch the boat and blow it too ... if the others are injured .
we 've got no option . we 're gon na have to get it off .
that 's the second time i ran it , and it still reads the same .
curious thing is , the mass detector says they 're too small to carry a deep-space drive .
unconfirmed reports of eighteen or so far , but the numbers are all over the place .
if i can get to the chopper , i 'll meet you at the rendezvous . don 't wait for me .
move it baby , or they 're gon na be chewin ' on my cojones !
communications to auto-shop go through an f.o . link off the main trunk . that 's down with the other feeds .
it 's not all good news . we had to take off the helmet lights . you 'll be going in blind .
you 're too short for that gesture . besides , it went out with mrs. fiske .
i won 't play tonight . i couldn 't . not possibly . i couldn 't go on ...
this must be , at long last , our formal introduction . until now we have met only in passing ...
i 'm giving her a very high-class party . it ain 't like a rehearsal , she don 't have to be late .
hi . my wonderful junk yard . the mystery and dreams you find in a junk yard-
outside of a beehive , margo , your behavior would hardly be considered either queenly or motherly !
it 's only for the license . there 's a three-day wait - blood tests , things like that ...
i 'm sure you must have things to do in the bathroom , birdie dear .
karen ... ... you won 't forget , will you ? what we talked about before ?
a part in a play . you 'd do all that - just for a part in a play .
don 't get up . and please stop acting as if i were the queen mother .
margo , nothing you 've ever done has made me as happy as your taking eve in ...
three days , that 's for the bourgeois - i see a midnight elopement , waking up a village person ...
you mean - all this time - she 'd done nothing but apologize ? what 'd you say ?
it 's been quite a night . i understand that your understudy - miss harrington - has given her notice .
let the rest of the world beat their brains out for a buck . it 's friends that count . and i got friends .
california , illinois , florida , new hampshire -- all the major democratic primary states . why does everything you play sound the same ?
-- sloan told the grand jury -- he answered everything they asked him -- that means there 's a record somewhere --
i never could figure just who this dahlberg was . think it might be anything ?
i thought you guys were supposed to be working on this story -- -- you think i like being aced out ?
this is a daily paper , we 'll explain it tomorrow . you 're certain on mitchell ?
-- listen , we didn 't make them do these things -- once they did , it 's our job to report it --
i 'd like to talk to you , i really would , but my lawyers say i shouldn 't until after the watergate trial .
-- look , when the watergate grand jury questioned you , did you name names ?
look , chris . there are just some things you need to learn , that 's all .
finch , don 't you think it 's about time you learned to take a dump at school ?
alright , cool . i got ta hit the showers , but ... i think this 'll be really good .
what about you ? you 're the one with the girlfriend and you 're still stranded on third base .
yeah ? well come prom night , those excuses aren 't going to do you much good .
kevin , come on , the bus to stifler 's is gon na be here soon .
shortstop . 'course , you don 't make it to third , and you 're out .
there it is . i want to grab my bag . oh , and my date .
i put in months of quality time with vicky . sherman meets a chick for one night and scores ? this is just wrong .
hey , you know , what can i say , i dig those cute little sweaters she wears .
god , i can 't believe there are so many cool people at this party .
you know . if we hook up , tomorrow i 'll just be some girl you go telling all your friends about .
geez , i feel bad for him . maybe we should 've told him abou -
look , i didn 't mean to hurt anybody ... god , i didn 't mean to ... to ...
professor claude rousel . the one your uncle was working with . he teaches cultural history .
i 'm serious . there 's nothing for you down there . it 's dangerous .
we can 't stop him . not now . handcuffed , with no kind of weapons . please andy ...
you bastard ! god ! i should 've known . you wanted the cure all for yourself !
i 'm sorry my friend , i 'm not signing books right now . there 's been a tragedy .
you didn 't know ? but then why did you ... well , don 't worry . it 's relatively mild .
eight o'clock . shit . you 'd think my uncle would have left a clue , a note , something ...
all my life i 've worked to unlock the power of the unconscious mind . well this is it . this is power !
oh shit ! no ! andy , don 't let them take me back there !
what the hell , lots of my heroes killed themselves . hemingway , van gogh ... um ... herve villachaise ...
you better follow that mcdermott kid . he 's going to wind up like his uncle if he 's not careful .
yesss ... our power is much stronger when were near . we must get close to her .
but this invitation came from the empress herself ! it 's the social event of the decade ! you can 't turn it down !
i 'm not ulo and i won 't slow down . but you will listen to me !
empress , no ! i will not take the money ! i just came to tell you i was sorry ...
i-i-i-i-it 's all right , fellas . jesus , what 'd you do , come by way of the panama canal ?
then why are you always pushing me to take those college courses like i was dumb or something ?
she said , `` will it change my wife . '' you heard that because you were there so i 'm not crazy .
alvy , uh , let 's face it . you know something , don 't think our relationship is working .
why couldn 't you have been more like donald ? now , there was a model boy !
if she comes over here , max , my brain is going to turn into guacamole .
we went over to the swap meet . annie , gram and i . got some nice picture frames .
oh , that randolph hunt . you remember randy hunt , annie . he was in the choir with you .
can we ... one at a time ? hold it down , and one at a time . you 're last , cal .
joe officially owns no . 4 , cheyenne walk , chelsea , london , england . no small doing .
alright , good . thanks for your trouble . so will you leave sally and me alone right now ?
i was faking it . i 've been feeling caged for sometime . funny , huh ?
actually , sir , we 're ahead of schedule . we have thirty-six seconds available right now .
you can 't leave yet . the doctor says it takes forty-eight hours to get the stuff out of your system .
it also says here -- that you are alert , astute , and quite imaginative --
buddy-boy , why didn 't you say so ? you got yourself a little playmate , huh ?
say , why don 't we have ourselves a party -- the four of us ?
teamwork -- that 's what counts in an organization like this . all for one and one for all -- know what i mean ?
we went to bat for you -- and now you won 't play ball with us .
quite an office -- name on the door -- rug on the floor -- the whole schmear .
poor mickey -- when i think of him all by himself in that jail in havana -- -- want to see his picture ?
it 's really too much -- i mean i 've collected every picture of her since she was miss december .
we could go in tomorrow at dawn -- there 's always off-shore wind in the morning .
you got a chance in that boat -- by morning you could be five miles down the river .
two of my men deserted last night . it happens from time to time . i assume my daughter told you of our conditions .
it 's gon na blow this place out . it 's gon na ruin it ...
maybe we better stay in under the trees till dark -- we got his yater .
hard to work up an interest in politics , way we live . you 're the first people we 've seen in two weeks .
first you save my ass , now you want to kill me . make up your goddamn mind .
what about you -- why come back ? classy girl like you seems more suited to the finer things .
great idea -- pointing a lousy dart gun at some nut with a high-powered hunting rifle .
maybe you should drive him into devil 's cauldron , let them decide what to do with him .
technology in the wilderness . only problem is talking to you on your way to the landing strip .
when you ran off , i thought you 'd keep going 'til you were back home in washington .
nice bluff the other day with the tranquilizer gun out your jeep window . see you again , maybe .
bet you 're right . but i didn 't come by to wangle a meal --
look , we pull ben 's ass out of the fire , i 'll get you a whole damn crate of snickers bars .
i 'm hungry . you 've upset my whole day . i haven 't eaten .
no answer ... maybe we should just drive there tomorrow . can i have that one ?
sorry , didn 't realize she was right there . did you have sex with her ?
no ! it 's certainly not . no -- i don 't think so . no .
we held each other . it was better than sex . what i need he gave me great .
i , uh ... i was ... attacked . walked in on people robbing me . i was hospitalized . i almost died .
sorry , didn 't know you were awake . i just thought verdell shouldn 't get too used to sleeping in here 'cause then ...
i have been sitting on a contract from cleveland for six days because of you .
i give a fuck ? i 'm done ! i quit ! do you fucking hear me ! i 'm fucking gone !
i 'm kind of tired . i think i 'd like to try and get some sleep .
look at that . i haven 't watched the sun set in a million years . do you mind ?
inspirations a fickle thing , you don 't realise you had it till it 's gone .
what about that squat bar you showed me , is that open on a sunday ?
i don 't have the money for those bourgeois traps . hell , i 'm making what a czech earns .
what we need is a space for real performance art . a cultural exchange for radical expressionism .
you were right jahn , it 's a great space ... .. hey , chris . do you want to come and look ?
i feel like a mole in this joint , so i guess i might as well come out lookin ' like one !
time for lunch i think . i 'll get the sandwiches . what would you like holly ?
so why don 't you get up and speak something , then we will see who is crazy .
i 'm not staying out late and i can 't come back to your place .
doug i can 't , i 've got to be at work by eight . you promised to take me home .
doug you said you wouldn 't be long . come on , i 've got to go . now !
no , i am an actor not a labourer , i am just warning you , that 's all .
no thanks , i must go , but maybe you could get some beers for the guys .
tomorrow , we will bring some lights and also hang some fabric . i think it will be finished in the morning .
there 's three thousand and if you don 't come through , i 'm going throw you clean out of that window . deal ?
i 'd better get going , do you need a hand to get into bed ?
you are playing a very dangerous game , i suggest you make it easy on yourself and tell me where they are .
that 's okay i like the metro , it 's only a couple of stops from here .
all i 'm saying honey is run the thing past me for christ 's sake before you get up and broadcast the crap .
but if it doesn 't happen , grab for something within reach . life 's tough enough without causing yourself disappointment --
i have no idea what to say . how to act . what if i do the wrong thing ?
everything 's being done but it 's not enough . i have to find something -- more .
the reason i got the part ... i 'm a little like lizzie . except i don 't worry about some man rescuing me .
it 's about working with what you already have -- right now -- at your fingertips -- you know , spontaneously .
whatever you need . whatever jamie needs . i 'm here . i could start by driving her to school --
it 's her decision and she 's decided not to tell people -- at least for now .
landon , none of us faculty see you the way you see yourself . some of us remember how your father --
he comes out of the cafeteria line , he 's nervous , he spills his corn , and he asks you to the dance !
is that what you were going to ask me , george ? to go to the dance ?
yes , that 's my name . who are you , young man ? are you supposed to be here ?
good evening , one said . agents reese and foley , from the nuclear regulatory commition . mind stepping over here ?
the plutonium ! that 's what i came over here for ! professor , where did you get that stuff ?
professor , you time machine works ! it works ! it sent me back in time ! i 'm from 1982 !
professor . well , not exactly , professor . you see , we don 't point it at the sun .
in a manner of speaking , yes . and because of that , she 's no longer interested in your father .
it was sure nice of uncle sam to put those yardage markers up for us .
but if you didn 't rebuild the time machine , how did i go back in time in the first place ?
what do you think you 're doing ? go on , get out of here .
well , maybe the slope here is throwing it off some . we ought to find a more flat place .
you know ... they 'd probably ask to see your driver 's license before they hired you .
see 'em ? they about had me and the whole damn car for breakfast . broke my windshield ...
smells fermented . check in with the institute , reno , see if everything 's kosher .
planet 10 ? the same planet 10 you postulated beyond pluto , perfect tommy ? the invisible body ?
it wouldn 't tell us the whole story until you got here . it wasn 't to talk to the head honcho .
and there 's a two-hundred-dollar deductible we have to eat on that crack in her windshield .
this song 's for peggy . and all you others out there a little down on your luck .
what ? a black ship ? where ? a black thermopod 's been shot down ten miles back .
unscheduled surgery . he 'll be waltzing along momentarily . what 're you doing tonight ?
now twenty seconds downrange ... perfect tommy , how on earth is buckaroo able to keep that thing on the ground ?
i 'll tell bill you dropped by . i 'm sure he 'll want to reschedule your appointment .
so now i 'm s'posed to roll over like an ol ' bitch dog gettin ' ger belly scratched .
m'honey pretends to be impatient with me , barton , but she 'll put up with anything .
could you come back later ? it 's just ... too hot ... my head is killing me .
sir , i 'm flattered that you even recognize my name . my god , i had no idea you were in hollywood .
i 'll jus ' walk on down to the pacific , and from there i 'll ... improvise .
... look , you 're confused ? you need guidance ? talk to another writer .
i thought you were going to join us . jesus , garland , you left me alone with those people .
ah , doctors . what 's he gon na tell me ? can 't trade my head in for a new one .
jesus , what a day i 've had . ever had one of those days ?
get a grip on yourself , brother . whatever the problem is , we 'll sort it out .
... don 't look at me like that , neighbor . it 's just me charlie .
get down on your knees , you sonofabitch ! get down on your knees and kiss this man 's feet !
i want you in dr. gardner 's office at nine o'clock . you 're out of control , curran .
i can get my butt kicked for this . you 're not supposed to be in here .
it 's the least i could do ... considering i got you into this mess with those reports .
don 't ! i know about your husband . you still like girls , beth ?
what happened , nick ? did you get sucked into it ? did you like it too much ?
you 're not going to tell me what she 's doing . i thought we weren 't playing games anymore .
talcott doesn 't usually show up at the office 'till after his 18 holes . what are they nervous about ?
he left the club with his girlfriend about midnight . that 's the last time anybody saw him .
i 'll ask you once , nick -- for the record did you kill him ?
andy , man , thanks for coming . i 'd like to paint your jacket .
jean michel , this is mary boone . she 's got the great new gallery .
it doesn 't matter how much you worked on them . it matters how much you can get for them .
you shouldn 't have put it in the show . this is the one i absolutely have to have . i really love it .
do you think i could borrow your limousine ? i 'll get it back to you in an hour .
i hear your show was sold out already . there 's a very important collector who 's interested in some of your works .
i knew i left these somewhere . one of these 'll send your kids to college someday . here i made this for you .
whatever . famous . to where you can do your stuff all day without thinking about anything else .
i 'll take three big macs , two chocolate shakes , two orders of fries , and an apple pie .
uh huhh ... band practice ? it 's benny . he wants to know why you 're not at band practice ... ?
a kiss under the misteltoe . mistletoe can be deadly , if you eat it ...
i think you 're jealous that i 'm a genuine freak , and you have to wear a mask !
a kiss under the mistletoe . mistletoe can be deadly , if you eat it ...
you killed me , batman killed me , penguin killed me . three lives down . got enough bullets to finish me off ?
why , how industrious . and how did you open protected files , may i ask ?
al 's main squeeze . is she here ? i 'm about to scrape the bottom of my shoe off my tongue , right ?
i could have made it , you know . i didn 't need your help .
tell me , billionaire , would you warm faster to my pleas if i looked more like ms. january here ?
i love that belt . what are you , about a fifty big and tall ?
what do we have here ? a lovely new supply of venom . i 'll just take this to my laboratory for further study .
i notice you 've sub-divided your b coupons . feeling a little light on principle ?
in a sense we are all two people . the side we show in daylight . and that side we keep in shadow .
there 's something i want to talk with you about . it 's ... well , we.. i ...
hell . might even bring old stickley here a few extra bucks . huh , fred ?
sure , e = mc squared . until you factor in more than three dimensions . then ... damn . hit us again .
excuse me , sir . commissioner gordon was compelled to leave - -very unexpectedly . he asked me to convey his regrets .
i 'm sorry , bruce , i just can 't seem to get a handle on this conversation .
bruce , at the rate you 're going , you can 't even save yourself .
there was no blood , man . my brother says ... all the bad things you done ... they come back and haunt you ...
maybe we should start with a portrait of the artist . people might like to see the face behind the makeup .
i 'll see you burn . i 'll see you dead -- get away from me ! !
plain or roasted ? alex , i 'm very flattered that you 've gone out and done all this research .
look ! it 's bruce ! ! allies -- the balloons . we 've got to find some way to tell him !
ahm , well , you know ~ that 's a tough question - on one ' level i think it ... .
excuse me . mr grierson called down . he 's ready to see you upstairs .
look , i 've left bean on his own . nice to chat though bernie - always a subtle joy .
look at all this - publicity expenditure ... catering ... all completely fictional ... back as far as june 93 ...
ah , david . finally . and this must be our professor from across the sea .
as you can see , security 's pretty tight in this section . nobody gets past elmer here . isn 't that right ?
you 've known me five years elmer . when do you get to calling me david ?
hiya dad ~ i 'll need you upstairs for homework in about ... . oh , 20 minutes .
hey , en , nice bike'- but remember : any kids you have are gon na look just like its handsome driver .
whoa , check it out beavis . i didn 't know anderson had a camper .
this is it , beavis . huh huh . we 're finally gon na score .
uh ... huh huh . i have a couple . butt cheeks , huh huh huh .
uh ... attention , attention ! we 're looking for that chick with the big boobs .
you hear that , beavis ! we 're gon na get alcohol , tobacco and guns !
yeah , heh heh . i 'm gon na have money , and a big-screen tv and sluts everywhere !
we got nothing , chief . we tore the place apart . we can only legally hold her for another couple of hours .
say chief , isn 't that guy whose camper , ... i mean , off in whose ...
i guess ... if i 'm going to be dead , i 'll just have to be the best dead person ever !
look in the index ... maybe there 's , like an emergency number or something .
has anything been simple so far ? from the look of the shovel , we dig .
oh , adam , don 't tease her . you never got an a in science in your life !
you tell them that we are desperate horrible ghoulish creatures who will stop at nothing to get back our house .
if ... we have trouble . what about the guy in the flyer ? betelge ...
oh , honey ... i didn 't mean anything ... it 's just too big for you two . i know these things .
mr. and mrs. maitland ? i 've come for the last time . where are you ? barb ...
i can 't believe that we 're eating cantonese . is there no szechuan up here ? hunan ?
i was just trying to open the door . mrs. butterfield brought over a skeleton key .
i plan to have a stroke from the amount of msg that 's in this food .
all presences have a home space . a place where they live , so to speak . where do they hide out ?
wait a minute ! what am i worried about ? otho , you can 't even change a tire !
and you , benjamin , must be strong and brave for me . turn over , please .
... i 'm ... ... i 'm very grateful that you 're here , chauncey ... ... with us ...
oh , chauncey , darling ... where have you been ? we thought we 'd lost you - we 've been looking all over !
regretfully , mrs. rand - i shall yield the pleasure of your company to others .
do we have a garden ? hah ! tomorrow , chauncey , you will see our gardens .
... back up those stairs - damn ... that man 's needin ' me more and more just before he never needs me again ...
don 't we need a leader capable of guiding us through the seasons ? the bad as well as the good ?
... we 're with franklin , jennings and roberts , the law firm handling the estate .
come on , eve . let 's let the men talk , there are so many people that have been asking about you .
mr. president , i 'd like you to meet my dear friend , mr. chauncey gardiner .
did you know that eskimos have not one , but fifty words for snow . it 's because they have so much of it .
floris , you 're very nice , but i 'm afraid im in love with somebody else .
come in , mr. juarez . i 'd stand , but , well , you know .
no , wait ! i like your tits . i love your tits . i want to fuck you .
so , tell me about yourself . if you can get your mind out of the gutter long enough , dog-boy .
you don 't look a day over one hundred and five , captain . what 's your secret ?
yes , hello , i wanted to place an ad . hi , are you craig 's wife ?
and the funny thing is . mr. malkovich , my voice is probably the least intriguing thing about me .
yes , yes , sweetheart , yes ! what the fuck is going on ? i 'm not talking . this is not me !
we have to be steady . `` these things too will pass '' . what you looking for ? a miracle ?
and paul d ... you don 't have to stay 'way , but be careful how you talk to my mama , hear ?
where you been keeping yourself ? i told john must be cold if stamp stay inside .
well , enjoy , and perhaps we 'll see you again some time , dude .
we 've had some terrible news . mr. lebowski is in seclusion in the west wing .
sometimes . i wouldn 't hold out much hope for the tape deck though . or the creedence tapes .
what 's the point of -- we all know who was at fault , so what the fuck are you talking about ?
i figure it 's easy money , it 's all pretty harmless . i mean she probably kidnapped herself .
who gives a shit , walter ? what about that poor woman ? what do we tell --
we know the briefcase was empty , man . we know you kept the million bucks yourself .
this guy fucking walks . i 've never been more certain of anything in my life !
this is our world you 're entering . you may see things -- feeding . just remember why you 're here .
let 's just hope you 've kicked the thirst for good . i 'll be watching you close . you start to back-slide --
i agree . we play along for now , we might wind up learning something about how their world ticks .
you ask me , you and miss muffet are getting a mite too cozy for my taste .
oh yeah ? like how little ? in case you hadn 't noticed , we lost two men while you were out farting around .
you worry too much , stevens . i have assurance from our friend inside that events are unfolding as scripted .
your blood has a very rare phenotype , one that 's quite valuable to people like us .
i had to increase the dose . you 're building up a resistance to the serum --
you let him go -- an hour ago you were ready to kill a man for less , this one didn 't even talk .
i never imagined i 'd be so happy to see the sun rise -- it 's over , isn 't it ?
five minutes , not a second more . and i don 't want to hear a word about `` us '' .
-- but then i remember what an ass-hole you were and i 'm snapped back to reality .
blade . once again , our interests have fallen victim to his ridiculous crusade . he must be destroyed .
the shadows suit us , frost . we 've existed this way for thousands of years . who are you to challenge our ways ?
i was wrong about you , blade . you were never one of us . you 're a traitor to your race .
i wouldn 't go in there if i were you . it 's best to leave him alone when he 's like this .
just trying to set the mood for the mission -- get the `` feeling . ''
no , the kids were actors , the townspeople were real . her , the sheriff , the convenience store guy --
-- thank you , heather arendt -- and arend't we glad you 're here -- a real witch --
remember ... .what mary brown said -- she could see the witch 's hands on my face , her mouth sucking on mine .
that 's almost a year 's worth of work ! scumbags ! oh , jesus , jesus ... .
the four of you really have too much spare fucking time on your hands , don 't you ?
there 's explanations . rational explanations for everything that 's happened . we 'll drive ourselves crazy if we keep obsessing on supernatural what-ifs .
you 're gon na keep an eye on marty and ray , make sure nothing happens .
... i can find a place tomorrow , then i 'll be outta your hair .
... that 's the only thing they told us in the service that was worth a goddamn -- where the hell 's my windbreaker ?
i ... i mean what 're you talking about , ray ? i haven 't done anything funny .
... i don 't know , wasn 't it you ? maybe a burglar broke in , and you found --
... i don 't want that asshole near my money . i don 't even want him in the bar .
... and abby . maybe . but as far as i 'm concerned that only leaves one fucking possibility .
i think it 's important not to get depressed . depression is a terrible thing . they say it can bring on illness .
frank . he didn 't mean it . leave him alone . come on . he didn 't mean it .
i should never had gotten you going on this . yes jeffrey . friday 's on !
christ almighty , george . feed her a cheeseburger or something . what does she weight , eighty pounds ?
fifteen kilos . seven and a half in each suitcase . you receive a hundred thousand dollars upon delivery .
you 'd better kill me now , diego , because you 're a dead man .
tell him i don 't want to see him . tell him he 's not welcome here .
may the wind always be at your back and the sun always upon your face ...
and that fbi agent , trout ? when he had to get on his knees to put my boots on ? you said ...
it 's oregano . you got ripped off , pal . what are you gon na do with all this ?
it 's oregano . you got ripped off , pal . what are you gon na do with all this ?
you better know what you 're doing , george . you 're playing with fire .
mr. jung , can you describe the circumstances of how you began talking about cocaine with mr. delgado ?
not that far , only halfway . you sure you know what you 're doing ?
what 's the matter , george ? something wrong ? you look like you just fucked your mother .
this is bullshit , george . we 're never going to find anything down there .
bah , for that matter , algeria isn 't the only country in the world ...
your honor , this is a tape from miss lawson 's answering machine . i would like to play it now .
your honor , i fail to see what mrs crawford 's educational background has to do with this case .
what 's happening to you , frank ? you 're acting like you 're on trial here . this has become personal to you .
your honor , i don 't see a mr. roston listed as a prosecution witness .
objection ! may i remind mr. dulaney that the person on trial here is miss lawson -- not dr. paley .
mr. roston i know this is difficult for you , but it 's important you tell the court what she did .
i may have been infatuated with her - - but i wouldn 't perjure myself .
he 'll file . he 's an ambitious man . ambitious men build their careers on the bodies of others .
miss braslow , i 'd like to remind you that you are still under oath .
i was thinking that when the trial is over we 'd all go skiing for a weekend .
i didn 't know that andrew was dead until mr. sattler called me at home that night .
i am so sick and tired of apologizing and not knowing what i 've done !
this won 't take long . i 'm shooting tomorrow morning . i just need to do some prep work .
well , it was notarized , and witnessed by a mrs. lucy delaney . maybe you can ask her .
oh yeah , i guess this would be that space that was so perfect for a recording studio .
... bones ol ' bones so mean and bad , whupped his mamma , shot his dad .
tia ain 't a chick . she 's family . and don 't forget it .
yeah , we can . least till after this weekend . he ain 't going nowhere . we 'll deal with it then .
yeah , we used to do the after-school b ball at kenwood . what it is ?
everybody just be cool . jimmy , man , i think you oughtta hear the deal .
wait , jimmy . think about it . you woulda done the same thing if you was me .
in his grave there was a cloth or a dress or something . covered with blood .
no really , let us help . we 're new in the neighborhood , gon na be neighbors .
but maybe we 're the ones who should be down there . doing something . making it better .
yeah right , and which ever of us is still alive at the end of the week inherits all vincent price 's cash .
it 's not safe down there . the fire started down there . the whole thing could collapse .
caesar , i 'm serious . this is too much . i have to get out of here .
i can use johnnie 's car , dump it in lake michigan ... i need plastic bags ... tape and rope ...
holy shit , i don 't believe it ! we 've been going crazy over here , gino !
yeah , mick . i 've got the money . i 'm staring right at it .
actually , yeah , she was nervous about gino coming , wanted everything to look right . you know women , mick .
caesar will bring it to the apartment to count and go through |shelly 's books to figure out how he did it .
if it 's real enough , he 'll believe it , because deep down he 'll want to .
hey , caesar ! you take care of this girl , or i find out !
-- what 're you doing ? -- jason , please , tell me what 's happening !
i found it . it took six calls . i found kane . i found the body .
it came from your hip . under the skin . you have a bank in zurich . you remember zurich ?
mr. helpmann , what would you say to those critics who maintain that the ministry of information has become too large and unwieldy ... ?
and the cost of it all , deputy minister ? seven percent of the gross national produce ...
yes , it 's all a bit confusing but , it seems she was killed resisting arrest .
but you 've stamped this form before ! why won 't you stamp it now ?
there we go . mrs. veronica buttle . what 's the number on the cheque ?
oh god ! i think i 've broken a bone . what a pathetic thing i am .
i just wish you would stop interfering , mother ! i don 't want promotion . i 'm happy where i am .
it seems you 're the first person ever to turn down a promotion . he thinks you should see a doctor .
no , not at all . i mean , it 's all right . it 's fixed .
hang on ! wait a minute ! you can 't just go and leave it like this !
they 're gon na torch the fence . you 're gon na feel the metal getting warm , maybe very warm .
that 's a hell of a swing you got there , noel . i 'm thinking strawberry in his prime .
i wouldn 't do that . the doctor seems to think he 's suffering from some rare disorder .
be tough to get a taxi here . we can give you a ride if you like .
he 's not dead . it 's a heroin overdose . break out the narcon .
no , you didn 't , frank , thank you . but there 's still a couple hours left on the shift .
the cure 's not working , tom . maybe we should go back to the hospital .
tom , where are the band-aids ? this is an ambulance , isn 't it ?
larry , swing over on eighth . we 're gon na hafta run one of these calls .
one source referred to it as a five billion dollar metal sculpture to ugly to look at and too big to bury .
this story they won 't cover . and if the network doesn 't cover it -- it must not be important so why worry .
where 's where i asked him about being scared ? you should work on your speech .
aaah -- -- ello . you sure they said the management meeting ? they want me to be at the management meeting .
i 've got to not say that aloud ; it takes too much out of me .
what are you dressed up for ? oh , that 's right -- because the evening news is here this week .
they canned me . well , my brother will feel great -- now he 's not the only screw-up .
it must be nice to always believe you know better . to think you 're always the smartest person in the room .
i can 't help you , sorry . i 'm not here to teach remedial reporting .
we 're going to george . say 'the joint chiefs are meeting -- we have george weln at the pentagon ' .
you have to celebrate with me , don 't you ? everybody 's going to that bar on the corner , 'caps . '
suppose i go in for a little while and you wait in the lobby-bar . how 's that ?
i converted a bedroom -- this stuff builds up . wait till you 've been doing this sixteen years .
i 've never seen anything like this , maybe segal , but nothing with such ... dichotomy ... it 's very good , walter -
these guys came by to help me try out some of my new organic recipes .
well that was for your sculpture of the girl . your nude in the chair .
- even though leonard 's always asking you to go out with him and i - just -
i 'm trying to find a style of my own . do you really like them ?
you 've arrived . you 've been recognized . you 're a talent , a creative force to be reckoned with .
an ' everyone will say walter let me shake your hand ... it 's a real pleasure to have known you ...
with dead cat . like a breath of fresh air . i could just - babble on about it for hours .
she doesn 't have to be pretty ... just as long as she takes good care of you ...
uh , mrs. swicker i got to meet some friends later , and i have to take a shower !
whoa ! whoa ! i 'm sorry . i 'm sorry . i don 't actually need any right now .
i can 't get sick . you know -- training and all . i 'm gon na be late .
so that 's your tutor , huh ? what is he , like , your boyfriend now ?
can we have a hot dog , please , medium rare , and a cup of joe ?
yeah , we 're drunk . we 're the drunks . what 's your name ?
will i get the shit kicked out of me if i ask you to dance ?
god , where the hell did you come from ? you scared me to death .
they can 't come in , right ? unless you invite them . is that true ?
ooh , another embarrassment for the teabag , while the chosen one is still well under par .
she didn 't even hardly talk to anyone in school . all year . she didn 't even go to the prom .
she was even crazier after that . i mean it , you wouldn 't even have recognized her .
five hours . we both just know . do you think i deserve to wear white ?
hum , babe , hum , babe , fire it in here , hum babe --
let 's have a quick word of prayer , right here , to thank the lord for all this --
thanks for the note -- you 're right , i wasn 't bending my back .
fun ? what 's he know about fun ? why 's he calling for a curveball ? i wanta bring heat .
oh she may get wooly , women do get wooly , because of all the stress ...
you could be one of those guys -- but you don 't give a fuck , meat .
nuke ... tell me something . did you hit me with your right or your left ?
i 'm too old for this shit . why the hell am i back in `` a '' ball ?
ohyeah . i shoulda throwed a slider . damn , crash , how 're ya ?
sears sucks , crash , i tried it once . sold lady kenmores -- it 's nasty , nasty work .
look , look . you can 't stop her for speeding ? i mean , look what the hell she 's doing .
but it 's in the desert where lots of the town 's problems are solved .
... give him a shot at runnin ' a casino and he tries to talk you out of it .
especially at the casino , where he definitely did not work , people got the message .
... the next thing i did , i started bustin ' out high-stakes poker players .
yeah , nicky loved restaurants . he was a real restaurant buff . and over the years , he always made money with them .
nicky was questioned in two dozen murders , but they always had to let him go . there were never any witnesses .
because nicky enjoyed being a gangster , and he didn 't give a damn who knew it .
i mean , that 's what worried me , 'cause it turns out nicky was about to be sent to vegas .
... she took care of the valet parkers , the guys who could get you anything and take care of anything .
so , do you think it 's too much if i wear these in the same day ?
yeah , thanks for not callin ' me a liar . you son-of-a-bitch . you son-of- a
no , you can , you can . you 've been so nice to me .
hey , mr rothstein , it 'll make it a lot easier on everybody here if we just let her in the house .
just knock it off ! would you two knock it off ? get in the car .
excuse me , but i folded these things beautifully and i would appreciate a little respect . jesus christ !
in many ways , that obnoxious creep cactus was the worst one of all . he got off on giving out pain ...
i can . that 's not an admission of guilt , it 's just..i knew you had it in you ...
i don 't know , boss , you saw what the big guy did to the last kitty we gave him .
quite a little performance you gave in the casino today -- for me and that other guy . come on down , let 's chat..
well , we spent enough time building the damn thing , might as well use it .
well , you don 't see that everyday . somebody tell me what 's the deal with frida kahlo here ?
ah , the good guys always triumph in the end . it 's what allows our children to sleep at night .
i heard what you said , spooky . i can 't believe he shot you ...
some reporter i am..all this time my story is right there in front..i have a lot of questions .
i 'll take your abuse , but it 's way too early for the sanctimonious cult of gag ...
what 's it like being a superhero ? it must be frightfully exciting..how did you guys all get together ?
i prefer to have the sucker die at a more convenient location . once nels arrives with his backpack full of goodies .
what do you mean tip the cops ? is the man a lunatic or what ?
okay , okay , lenore , calm down . either let me call the school or better yet , the f.b.i .
let 's have your name and address . the government will want to send you a letter of commendation .
now he can look ... . ask him does he like his hair , col .
wondered why you came on to me like that when you gave me the look .
see , i should blow you away , jimmy . but i can 't do that . yet .
so when you come to shoot me , paddy , remember , you 're getting rid of a shit- hot bowler .
i know why you 're not taken -- no one can catch up with you .
it still doesn 't make sense , but it isn 't worth any quarter of a million either . have we forgotten anything ?
he 's -- with the c.i.a . -- i 've seen him at the embassy .
have some , please . i 've got ... ... liverwurst -- liverwurst -- chicken and -- liverwurst .
oh , la ! if i find the treasure , will i win a prize ?
with a rich husband and this year 's clothes you will not find it difficult to make some new friends .
if i 'm so all-used-up ben , why do you try to hook me up non-stop ?
please don 't go . please . stay , we 'll just talk . then go to the party .
you know , it 's , uh-it 's very hush-hush , as we say in the spy game .
dennis , radio the bikes . i wan na know if so much as a squirrel ...
carl , establish contact with that deputy we met earlier . he 'll be more useful now .
sir , i got taipei grindin ' on me here . how long is this supposed to ta -- ?
i want those photographs , gittes . we 're talking about accessory after the fact , conspiracy , and extortion . minimum .
get him away from her . he 's responsible for everything . get him away from her !
thank you for going along with me . i just didn 't want to explain anything ... i 'll send you a check .
just to be certain , i wonder if you could show us a list of your patients ?
mind if i take one of your cards ? in case i want to get in touch with you again .
relax , mulvihill , glad to see you . do you know claude mulvihill here ?
this type of investigation can be hard on your pocketbook , mrs. mulwray . it takes time .
it 's got to be sent to another town . and if we don 't the owner of that movie house gets pissed off .
you have a great future as a driver . if they don 't arrest you first ! !
but why do you call me 'mr . di vita ' ? it didn 't used to be that way ...
hey , brad ! brad ! he ain 't been drinking before , mr. kane . never . we would have heard .
you don 't wanta make any promises , mr. kane , you don 't wanta keep .
he 's a great guy - leland . why 'd he ever leave new york ?
i 'm not guaranteeing a thing , mr. bernstein . you people work too fast for me ! talk about new brooms !
mr. leland , why didn 't you go to europe with him ? he wanted you to . he said to me just yesterday -
if you thought i 'd answer different from what mr. kane tells you - well , i wouldn 't .
well , he 'll be coming back in september . the majestic . i got the reservations . it gets in on the ninth .
i suppose he 's fixing it up - i know i 'd never get that through .
how do you do ? i came here - and i made mr. kane come with me ... because i recieved this note -
you don 't have to show me anything , mr. rogers . i believe you .
what 's this all about , emily ? i 've had a very tiring day and -
charles , if you don 't listen to reason , it may be too late -
i can 't tell you the things he said , charlie . you haven 't got any idea -
you 're talking an incredible amount of nonsense , susan . whatever i do - i do - because i love you .
i came to see you , charles , about your - about the enquirer 's campaign against the metropolitan transfer company .
i 'll tell you what i 'll do , brad - i 'll get drunk , too - maybe that 'll help .
mr. thatcher is going to take you on a trip with him tonight , charles . you 'll be leaving on number ten .
pack of cigarettes . congratulations . i saw that announcement in today 's paper . she 's marrying an asian design major .
i work in a shitty video store . i want to go to a good video store so i can rent a good movie .
that 's stretching it . you 're not being asked to slay children or anything .
i 'm surprised you never found out about it , dante . everybody in school knew-even in my class .
you 're dante hicks ? oh my god ! i didn 't even recognize you !
and it 's such a handsome head . please frank , and i swear i 'll buy one of your paintings .
oh , my god ! i can 't recognize the face , but the butt does look vaguely familiar .
can 't do it ? i don 't believe this . don 't you feel anything ?
they 've got to find shelter soon , and so do we . how are you holding up ?
why can 't things stay the way they are ... everything has to change . what we had was perfect .
what do you think ? maybe i could reach the ledge without falling . no , forget it .
the faster you find the bags , the bigger you boys ' finder 's fee will be .
talk . no tricks , no codes , no messages . you haven 't found us . it was a fake call .
he asked you , how far ? ! i think you 've been taking the scenic route . how far from here ?
calm down ... give the gun to me . you 're out of control , son .
this is insane . the hell with the money . you radio in for that chopper , understand !
what gives , o my pee and em , what makes you think you are welcome ? em sobs . pee comforts her .
enough is remembered though , little alex . dim and georgie laugh . they drag alex to a low water through .
one more thing . if by some chance i get this wrong ... tell dmitri i 'm sorry .
... goddamn it , you telling me this motherfucker 's whacked three of our witnesses tonight ...
why didn 't you tell me we had company ? and what 's your name ?
client ? i like to think of myself as more of a friend . a mentor .
you paid for my flowers ? they 're beautiful . max , you gon na introduce us ?
mind if i time you ? what do i get if you 're wrong ? a free ride ?
that one 's probably married . think of his kids . his wife 's pregnant ...
i had no idea these cabs came equipped with emergency strobes . where 's the button ? under the dash ?
vincent . don 't make me do this . don 't make me get people killed .
damn , max . i 'm impressed . really . i would have bet good money you wouldn 't walk out of there .
flip . you 're the closest thing i got to a friend around here . tell me something . you think i 'm crazy ?
switch 'em . or i 'll be dead by morning . don 't want to be dead .
johnny dancer , right ? you don 't ride him anymore , do you ? not since your dad died .
you 've been my best friend for years and i didn 't even know you were out there .
tell him i 'm on vacation . that i won 't be back for two weeks .
guy 's a c.i.a . shrink . here to i.d . fletcher . they knew each other somehow .
you 're welcome ! spooks . so , you want to compare notes on this guy .
there 's no way of knowing . without a key -- a primer , to help us , maybe never .
you 've only searched -- what is it , sixteen hundred stars without a peep ? try not to take it too personally .
so why don 't you admit what by your own standards must be the truth : that this experience simply didn 't happen .
time to sleep now , captain . but you can ask more questions in the morning , okay ?
he ain 't even got the sense to run from the road like everybody else .
you was to sell your job , maybe this lucas war hero would give you a price .
that ain 't nuthing compared to what we used to do in san pedro . there was this ensign ...
plumb busted out . looks like the hard road finally got to mister lucas war hero .
dragline gives out the names here . you 'll get yours when he figures you out .
not a liar . you just have a common -- and likable -- tendency toward exaggeration .
all right now : get mad at them eggs . eat it there boy ! bite it ! gnaw on it !
man , you play like a kokonut . you got to call him at least .
koko , why don 't you let one of these newmeats take your broom for today ?
excuse me , but would you mind explaining why you 're watching the lady upstairs ?
he can 't phone you unless the warden gets an okay from you . did you give him an approval ?
cellulite . what do you say i blindfold you and take you to the gym . aerobics with housewives ...
it 's almost six . and guess what ? hall likes me bathed and shaved .
are you staying long ? shall i shut the door ? make your coffee ? make the beds ?
the university computer is down for maintenance , but i 've been going through my own notes ...
the problem for me is ... you 're in the witness category . know what i mean ?
if this is just the dump site , where did he do the job ? where did he pick her up ?
you 're good enough you 'll never have to kill anyone . i joined the cops to save lives , not waste them .
you got a tape backup , yeah , here lem me copy it on tape ...
i 'll talk to conrad myself . i 'll be in the jail when you wind this up ...
you want mine , too ? you take his , you take mine . i 'm the one fucked it up ...
inspector , will you confirm somebody is copying the boston strangler ? this is the fourth , is that correct ?
they 're questioning vaughan about an accident near the airport . some pedestrian ... they think he was run over intentionally .
what exactly is your project , vaughan ? ~ book of crashes ? a medical study ? a sensational documentary ? global traffic ?
i need to see you , ballard . i need to talk to you about the project .
the medicine 's still bothering me . it feels like i have cotton wrapped around my brain .
first you tell me to do what i want to , then you tell me to stop .
maybe , though . maybe it would work . i could throw you an engagement party maybe .
i was so sure . i really thought it would work . we have plans , ruth .
i 'm so thankful you 'll be leaving next week . if you want me to pick you up , i will .
mom , we agreed . you can visit , but you 're not allowed to mention michael .
why in the world did you let me start talking in metaphors ? that 's no way for us to break up .
just promise you 'll love me even if i end up in a job where i have to wear a blue polyester cap .
you know what i think we need ? martinis . how about martinis to celebrate ?
i 've got a deposition that i really need to get cracking on , so if you don 't mind ...
mrs. hallstrom , why don 't you join my family for dinner . you 'll love my grandma rosa .
what the fuck was all that about at the hotel last night ? i thought we had a deal ?
you know what makes a good get away driver ? being able to get away !
not a good idea . someone gets a license number and it all leads back to you . raymond , you 'll steal one .
no one has mentioned the part of the plan about us getting caught and going to prison .
i 'm not a guy who is known for his patience and right now you 're testing mine .
how 'd it go ? i don 't know . daniel , how would you say it went ?
it makes sense . i mean , do you really think he would come along if he knew we were being set up ?
oh , man ... this is bullshit ! you can 't trust anyone these days .
this is a car . i think this is the best american car i 've ever driven .
i would like to thank you for your hospitality . if you are ever in paris here is my number .
i say we make him pay first . after that you can do whatever you want to him .
you put a loaded gun in your bag and brought it through customs ? how stupid is that ?
it has to be at sophie 's . she didn 't have time to go anywhere else before she came here .
i wasn 't expecting this many of you . i 've got a few sleeping bags you can use .
i really thought we had something special going . i can 't tell you what a disappointment you 've turned out to be .
isn 't it a bit too late to be out ? you 've brought me the sword ?
yes , i am . but i prefer the machete . certain moves , however , call for a sword .
take my horse and go to the compound . give this to mrs. wu . she 'll help you . hurry !
my blood will soon reverse its flow . it 's the same poison she used to kill my master . there is no antidote .
if you surrender now , you 'll suffer less . but if you resist , i won 't stop until you 're dead .
whatever it is , the answer 's no , eddie . i 'm too busy tonight .
don 't thank me . your ass is already in enough trouble for this shit .
you , my friend , are dead . i saw your body . you got buried .
halloween is coming , soon . you will have top dollar if you watch for me at the showtime , tomorrow night .
i mean , i 've done what i came to do . it shouldn 't hurt this much . but it will pass ...
hey , darla -- before we die of old age , how about it -- ?
i remember him ! here , gabriel ... here kitty ... gabriel ... is he still yours ?
shelly would 've wanted you to have it . this way , you 'll think of her every time you see it ...
i don 't know if i can . but you have this ... and you know where to come .
you buying ? he kinda wanders around . you 'll see him if you pay attention .
do this thing and you will be vulnerable . the blood will not return . no powers . no reunion . nothing .
the last thing i need is you going into my room searching for this while i 'm away .
i 'm fine . i have to get going to my friends ' house . was it --
i think he 's telling the truth valmont . greg couldn 't write a grocery list let alone a letter .
alright honey , just calm down , take a deep breath , and step out of the circle .
do you care to tell me what mrs. white-trash and her stupid daughter are doing in my house ?
lovely . how is your gold digging whore of a mother enjoying bali ? zipping through my inheritance per usual ?
oh , poor baby . well you can relax . i have a mission for you .
i hate when things don 't go my way . it makes me so horny .
before we go through with this , i just want you to be aware of the damage we 're going to cause .
to a situation ) really , mr. reed , there isn 't anything to worry about . it was only a slap --
oliver 's pet , i 'm sure it would be the first thing he 'd grab if we ever had a fire .
my , my , what a coil we 're in ! what 's this all about ?
some day i 'm afraid we 're going to have to tell her about irena .
oliver , please . let 's not go on with this . the child 's trembling .
getting the yard all fixed up for your party , amy . you 'd better hurry and get yourself fixed up too .
it 's dark . we 'd better be getting on . the family will be waiting .
i thought we were going to save those leaves you were burning for the compost bin .
frida , this is a bad time . we 're having sex and george actually answered the phone .
you 're a pms werewolf . of course . frida , are you on drugs ?
fuck it 's the cops . peter saw me , now i have to let him in .
frida ? i hear you talking . i know you 're in there . let me in .
i wish i could help but last i saw gregory was outside my front door .
no , no ... but mark -- a jealous boyfriend gone mad . maybe he kills men you date .
seems you were the last to see carlton alive . and the last to see gregory alive .
no he 's not . he 's a courier . he picks up packages from the airport .
he was saying that when women are close friends they get their periods at the same time .
seems he 's stolen money from them . he 's desperate and our only lead .
first thing we 're gon na work on is the mannerisms . alan has put together sort of a training program
uh , mr. president ... i don 't believe that 's on your agenda today .
it 's actually kind of serious , dave . i 'm afraid the president 's not in very good shape .
in fact , i 'm not anything like him and ... i guess i want you to know that .
let me go ! i 'm the one he wants . this is all happening because of me . if i turn myself in ...
you can 't run away from the planet , miss science . you can 't even run away from the island , heh heh .
sir . in the matter of the state versus private tyler , i don 't want to ...
well , of course not . it 's just that ... you could have warned us .
welton academy , hello ? yes , he is , just a moment . mr. nolan , it 's for you .
okay , so i don 't like it any more than you do . i 'm just saying
you still shouldn 't have done it , charlie . you don 't speak for the club .
oh captain , my captain . what if we don 't know anything about someone like rahesh non ?
we used to meet here on special occasions . who would like to convene the meeting ?
you know what the dead poets would say : gather ye rosebuds while ye may ...
i certainly wouldn 't lose any sleep over it . it 's just a bunch of people trying to impress nolan .
we don 't even know if his boat is still there ... you saw billy !
don 't mind him finnegan ... you remember 25 ... balls of steel ... splashing around in a sea of testosterone .
but what makes you think there aren 't more of those ... things ... back there ?
i was so goddamn close , finnegan ! so goddamn close to my island ... i could almost taste the sand ...
oh my god ! oh my god ! how do we do it ? how do we get there ?
how about noise ? can you get noise ? we don 't need speed , just noise , right ?
here 's what i think ... i think these mokes below are a hit sqaud .
why don 't you help us so we can get done faster so we can get the hell out of here ?
and we want you to know , sal , that any help you might need --
where the hell were you ? we were all set -- beer , broads . right ? am i right ?
hey , nick , i mean ... this here is for the guy that gets caught !
'course how could you miss , right ? twenty , maybe thirty feet . i mean , if i'd'a been where you guys were --
how extremely clever . that is really most extraordinaire ... allow me please to introduce myself . i am armand ... and you are ?
maybe you could use socks , nick . jesus , i mean , come to think of it socks are pretty expensive now .
just like always ! just like it always was ! right , nick ? am i right ?
quiet ! ... quiet ! ! ! ... awright , everybody , nick has a few words .
just got the call . took him from school . bastard nailed the vice- principal and a teacher .
papers . last medcheck two weeks ago . a-1 . disease free . guaranteed by the state .
golly , belle , that was a good idea -- we should do that every morning .
that 's my business . -- now , it 's all right , daniel . what did he do ?
lan 's to goodness , what happened to that hen ? did you use that beanshooter again ?
sure does . but i 'll have to sleep on it a couple of nights .
well -- we don 't mean to force you , jabez stone -- but -- it 's only for your own good .
well , son , i 'm glad to see a stone come up in the world again .
let her be , son . she 'll do all right . you better get yourself straightened out .
she 'll do nothing of the kind ! she 's going to church with me , right away !
if your friend is hot to trot ... i know a couple of mama bears . ... or is he married ?
-- ten blocks ? are you crazy ? it 's christmas eve , thousands of people -- the mayor 'll scream bloody murder --
it 's beautiful . i always enjoyed models as a boy . the exactness , the attention to every foreseeable detail ... perfection .
-- ohgodplease -- don 't kill me -- don 't kill me -- you 're one of them , i know it --
after all your posturing , all your speeches ... you 're nothing but a common thief .
you wife 's made for this business . she know how to drive a hard bargain .
hey , i love you . so do a lot of the guys . so hang in there , man . hang in there .
two . and i 'd sure like to see them swinging on the jungle gym with al junior .
if you 're right i 'm gon na back you a hundred percent , you know that .
here comes the fbi . you men lookin ' for protection ? we got all the police right here .
for god 's sake , will you please go now ? we gave you every nickel we got .
i swear to god ... on my salary , i 'm not gon na be any hero ...
you 're just a nice guy , mr. mulvaney . only don 't fuck around with me , you know what i mean ?
hey , for christ 's sake ... now ... fuckin ' asshole ... he can 't make it .
sonny ! could you come out , please ? could you come out , please ?
that 's the jet . you give us one more , now . that 's the deal ...
i just charged $ 12.95 to our room for that movie . now i 'll never know how the story ends .
she 's right ... you lost your temper ... and you started cursing like some ghetto skank . you lost all credibility right there !
don 't fuck with us , edna ! there are at least three more limbs where that one came from !
you want to be a bounty hunter . why does a pretty little thing like you want to be a bounty hunter ?
we didn 't sign on for this shit . fuck ! this shit is intense . i need to call my agent .
that was a foolish act , but it was brave . that chile owes you his life .
wait a minute . wait a minute . i just got here . you sweep . i betcha sal asked you first anyhow .
wow ! it 's a half-boy , half-horse . the boys walk up to him , impressed .
my head is suddenly killing me . maybe it 's from all the learning today .
sorry about that harry , first time i 've brought a friend up there . you okay ?
don 't snap at me like that . you 're lucky i don 't punch you right in the face .
harry , would you like to share with the rest of us what 's so funny ?
wow , we built a whole float in one afternoon . and now the reward .
harry , we found the real thing to be thankful for . screw george washington !
that 's not bad . how about a float of george washington crossing the delaware ?
remember ... walk without rhythm and we won 't attract a worm ... it 'll go to the thumper .
water on arrakis ! ! ! i have seen this place in a dream . a treasure .
my own name is a killing word . will it be a healing word as well ?
pain by nerve induction ... a human can resist any pain . our test is crisis and observation .
i sense your teachings in him . ignore the regular order of training . his safety requires the voice .
ugh ! i hate the way she interrupts the pictures . she doesn 't show 'em the proper respect .
eddie , i 'm so tired ... i don 't know if i can handle a night shoot ...
eddie , i wan na make another picture . when are we gon na make another picture ?
hey ed , shouldn 't we do another take ? big baldy kinda got stuck in the doorway .
ed , i 'm so proud ! i 'll read it as soon as i get home .
hey big shot , get off your ass . they need a potted palm over in the carl laemmle building .
and this is why you think you 're the most qualified to make my movie ?
you should feel lucky . ed 's the only guy in town who doesn 't pass judgment on people .
just like i always promised . now you 're among the immortals . you 're movie stars .
eddie , i 'm just a small-town girl . i 've never done this before .
with all due respect , cynthia you 're nuts . i 'm giving him another month !
oh my god . you and al were - and that 's why you threw him out .
what do you mean all of a sudden ? you 've been going with her six months .
mr. pekurny . i 'm sorry to bother you . my son would just love to have your autograph .
i 'm jill . i really like your show . i think you 're great .
look , can we all just sign the releases so we can get on with this ?
it was the first time somebody ever saw the real me , the me that nobody else knows .
these are a bunch of burn-outs . and look at this one , i can 't even read this one .
tim kobza ? tim kobza ! who 's he ? i 've never heard of him !
i told you ! i told you ! you 're going to pay for my banner !
act surprised . walk slowly to the podium . be modest . thank them for this incredible honor .
oh , is this ... ? god . first one of these i haven 't been in for a long time .
after dave got fired , sherry kicked him out of the house and filed for divorce .
oh , no . no . i 'm just finishing up here , and i 've got to get home .
we can 't both run , can we ? we 're brother and sister . can we ?
i just thought , well , last time you got suspended you fell so behind and -
you found patchett . you found me . you 're smart enough . be a detective if that 's what you want .
ed , your observations have been astute . what 's your assessment of this situation ?
ed , you 're 30 . your father didn 't make lieutenant until he was 33 .
john , i doubt you 've ever drawn a stupid breath . don 't start now .
okay , college boy , i 'll help you . but i want half the collar .
yeah . sergeant jack vincennes requesting . i need the home address on a pierce patchett .
empty 'em 'till they 're almost flat . and turn your head . there might be some debris flying your way .
-- don 't think it could 've gone any better . tell me , how 's deb ? how 're my grandchildren ?
excuse me , have any of you seen an eight year old boy , good looking , about yea-big .
isn 't zerzura supposed to be protected by spirits who take on the shape of sandstorms ?
i just know - any minute he 'll find out , we 'll barge into somebody we 'll - and it will ill him .
i just wanted you to know . i 'm not missing you yet . she nods , can 't find this funny .
uxoriousness - that 's my favorite kind of love . excessive love of one 's wife .
what was all the banging ? were you fighting rats or the entire german army ?
don 't go . i 'm frightened . i can love a coward , i can 't love another dead man .
i 've clung to you . i 've clung to you . kip . life a raft .
mrs. clifton , you 'll have to forgive us . we 're not accustomed to the company of women .
believe me , if you weren 't so tiresome , i 'd have one for you .
i 'm telling you it 's a forgery . the paint 's still wet for god 's sake .
so the duke dug a tunnel -- just in case . they made the lake a hundred years later . flooded the tunnel .
no , no , i want to . i 'll just go into the village .
you 're playing both sides of the street . you 're going to keep the mask and turn me in .
come on , what can you do with six billion you can 't do with four ?
you have the right to remain silent . but anything you say may be taken down in evidence and used against you --
let me ask you , this mask , when they made it -- was the old bitch dead or alive ?
i added air conditioning , put in the pool , made all those pillows by hand ...
seems like an awful big coincidence -- your water being messed with and you being so sick .
mr. masry , mario gets lost going to the bathroom . they 'll be driving around the valley for hours .
there 's no way a son of mine hates funky town . it 's impossible .
look , don 't take this the wrong way , but don 't you think you might be out of your league here ?
it doesn 't have to be this complicated , erin . there 's a lot of jobs out there .
i 'm just saying -- we have one night to ourselves , why do we have to spend it here ?
they said that 'd be tomorrow . they just wan na keep an eye on me another night .
hi , sweetie . were you a good girl ? where are matt and katie ?
i don 't care . it would 've been worth it ... . for han .
i don 't want your help . i want my lamp back . i 'll need it in this slimy mudhole .
i don 't know , artoo . sir , might i inquire what 's going on ?
those creatures he keeps talking about ... we 'd better double the security ... han , i don 't know how ...
well , your worship , it looks like you arranged to keep me close by for a while longer .
... i love you . i couldn 't tell you before , but it 's true .
we only use this chamber for carbon freezing . if you put him in there , it 'll kill him .
you 'd better know what you 're doing , or this is going to get very messy .
i 'm sure my men fixed it . we 've got nothing to worry about .
nothing more can be done tonight . the shield doors must be closed . i can 't wait any longer . i 'm sorry .
sir , we 've lost the rear deflector shield . one more direct hit on the back quarter and we 're done for .
lando , is he alright ? ... lando ? are you there ? how 's luke ?
yes , yes . to obi-wan you listen young one . the tree . remember your failure at the tree ! heh ?
somehow during the tour , she came into possession of a prototype transmitting device . we don 't know how .
come on , cuervo . i delivered him , didn 't i ? all i 'm asking for is what you promised .
why should we leave ? i love l.a. where we gon na go ? what 's the payoff ?
relax , war hero . we took you for a ride , and you came through . not bad for a dirtbag like you .
in the name of god , of st. michael , and st. george , i make you a knight . rise , sir ...
my king , i couldn 't do it . excalibur can not be lost . other men --
fight me from your horse or on foot , but fight me . your avoidance mocks me .
your deeds set an example for all other knights . for your gift , ask a gift of me .
merlin , help me . i need your help . i don 't know how --
it 's just that i have no experience , and no men to speak of . how can i --
i love her . if she would be my queen , my dreams would be answered .
what ? the greatest ? they blend together like the metals we mix to make a good sword .
i must do it myself . i must kill them both . lancelot and guenevere . will you ride with me , merlin ?
the very spear that pierced the side of christ as he died on the cross .
i will muster a great force of knights , and i will return to fight for what is mine .
he must stay for the feasting days of our wedding , and tell his deeds himself .
the queen will be in my charge till a champion steps forward to fight on her behalf .
i have found you . the queen . an apple . tomorrow . sir gawain ...
merlin , the powers of summoning , the true name of the charms of doing and undoing . show me !
i should butcher all and every one of them . merlin , what is this wagging of tongues ?
i hate to ask you this but ... for my daughter could you maybe give an autograph ?
your mother 's in here with us karras , would you like to leave a message ? i 'll see that she gets it .
i 've got the grands for two nights , charlie . you can 't just --
uh ... yeah , well , you know , ma , john kennedy went by jack .
how many other silent partners are there , frank ? donna ? little cindy ? hell , let 's give eddie a vote .
you know , my brother and i have been playing together , gosh , i don 't know . jack ?
i 'm sorry to interrupt , but when i saw you sitting here , i just had to come over . florence simmons .
by the way , i got a messsage yesterday from some guy looking for new year 's action . resort , upstate .
well , well . ho , ho , ho . you moonlighting at macy 's , frank ?
i tried cheerios this morning . he didn 't even get up . maybe they took out the wrong teeth .
waxy wright . didn 't jon archer bust you for poisoning five members of the canadian parliament ?
yes ... someone might want to tear him apart -- snuff him out -- for revenge .
i know you -- you 're the one who called . you 're castor troy . you killed my son --
we can send in a plant -- try to get pollux to spill the location .
this is it , jon . for the next 72 hours -- you 're on your own .
jon , i 'm getting a little annoyed by your obsessive need to spoil my fun .
get a higher arc on the ball , jamie . and for chrissake , square your shoulders to the basket .
you 're both in custody until there 's a dna fingerprinting and we can prove who 's who . now put the gun down .
i 'll leave from the office tomorrow afternoon . call the group . schedule an emergency strategy session for noon .
... thats our war room . we did seven major deals last year , three of them hostile .
this is day care . its where babies go when their parents are at work .
i know , i moved the barca-lounger into the corner . its throwin everybody off . what do you think ?
okay , jack . nice doing business with you ... cash is about to take off ...
what do you want to carry that gun around for , anyway ? you 're just gon na do something you 'll regret ...
oh man , you 're serious ... this man thinks i need to be saved !
you cant do this . you cant keep coming in and out of peoples lives , messing things up ...
here we are , mag wheels ... hey jack , are you sure youre okay ?
yes , im fine . its just this god awful football phone ! who has a phone like this anyway ? !
i found it at an outlet store . i know its a knock-off , but i think itll look great on you ...
now im worried ... just say it . whatever it is well deal with it .
imagine having a life where everything was easy ... where you asked for things and people just brought them to you ...
you didnt seem to mind offering to help me on christmas day when you were unwrapping that prada bag i gave you .
such a sad face ... you know , sometimes being different isn 't a bad thing .
good thing it ain 't workin ... reed , what are we doing here ? this guy 's fast-food , strip-mall science --
ben , i 've been crunching the numbers on the machine . i think if we can rework the power settings ...
what the hell you smiling at ? just keep your mouth shut , and your mind on those smbs --
he couldn 't generate enough power for the machine to reach critical mass . yet another mistake for `` mr . fantastic . ''
i can only stay for one drink , ben . i 've got to meet with victor .
victor 's right . johnny , get to the command center . close the shields .
he 's right . these costumes are ... missing something . i can 't put my finger on it --
got it . so take a walk , ben ... i 'm going to borrow susan for a second .
i 'm starting to wonder the same thing ... how much do you know about what happened to you ?
material made from self-regulating unstable molecules . i 've been working on a formula for this .
you should be able to bend light around other objects , even people , if you could control your emotional state better --
i could get ben to tap into the baxter 's main power to generate enough voltage --
he 's working round the clock . but the data needs to be tested , analyzed before --
i can 't imagine how it possibly could have come loose . i distinctly recall fastening it with all four bolts --
but we just can 't leave him in there ! what 'll happen to him ?
nothing miraculous about it . just an interchange of gases . the end product of five hundred million years of evolution .
the soul ? the finite mind can not comprehend infinity . and the soul which comes from god is infinite .
the ship 's good as finished . we 'll have to get out on our own ! is there a quick way out ?
that 's just dandy . we can 't go forward -- and we can 't go back .
well , sir ? which is it ? the wireless , or benes ' life ?
they 're tracking us topside . once they see where we 're going , i 'm sure they 'll take every precaution .
thirty-two minutes left ... but chances are we won 't have to wait that long for try-number three .
captain , how will you be able to follow my charts -- -- from up there ?
shut the fuck up or i 'll throw you back in the trunk , you know .
you 'll take care of it . boy , you are smooth smooth , you know .
good to see ya again , jerry . if these numbers are right , this looks pretty sweet .
the financials are pretty thorough , so the only thing we don 't know is your fee .
wade 's got a point there . i 'll handle the call if you want , jerry .
you 're sayin ' that we put in all the money and you collect when it pays off ?
yah , thanks a bunch . so what 's the deal , now ? gary says triple homicide ?
so , we each have three -- that 's six . what about the seventh day ? i want ascending bowel cancer .
i don 't understand . why does a weak person have to go out and find a strong person ... to hang onto ?
you 're the one who did this to me . you 're mr. durden , sir . tyler durden .
i had everything in that bag . my c.k . shirts ... my d.k.n.y . shoes ...
two , equal parts gasoline and diet cola . three , dissolve kitty-litter in gasoline until the mixture is thick .
i mean , this girl ... uh , you 're not into her or anything ... ?
stop it . this is your pain -- your burning hand . it 's right here . look at it .
the first rule of fight club is -- you don 't talk about fight club .
he 's not here ! tyler 's not here anymore ! he 's gone away !
i wouldn 't be doing that . unless you know which wires , in what order ...
i 've got everything . the bombs . the army . i 've got marla .
how 'd you do that ? ! you 're a fucking figment of my imagination ... you 're psychogenic fugue state ...
then the only way to survive is to get to the hospital and protect eugene and isabella for as long as we can .
so if you never got off the plane , none of us would be alive in the first place .
tell me you didn 't start up on that flight 180 shit again . did you ?
i didn 't . until i was dispatched to clean up one of the flight 180 survivors .
turn around . the cleaning woman said they 're at the dentist 's . 14th and main .
new life defeats death ? follow the signs ? where the hell did you find that guy ?
i 'm not sure ... i don 't think isabella was ever destined to die in the pile- up .
you can 't cheat destiny . i know what i have to do to save us . i have to die .
what 's the chance of finding a nice mature guy once we get to daytona ?
i know this is the first time we 've been apart since . but everything 's gon na be okay .
your mother would have been so proud of the way you 've handled yourself through all of this ...
you think the tooth fairy 's gon na come tonight ? i 'm thinkin ' like fifteen bucks .
you went there ? i 've wanted to go there , but i thought it was off limits .
he said death has a design . even before he said that i had been seeing patterns .
i can 't go home . after lewton 's , they 'll be after me .
get out ! get out of the car ! get out of the fuckin ' car !
alright , browning , you fuckin ' warlock ... did you know about ms. lewton , or what ?
i 'm ... a friend of his . his best friend . see , his father ...
... there are no accidents . no coincidencess . no mishaps . and no ... escapes .
please tell me i 'm gon na get to see the jets win the super bowl .
this clown almost blew mission security on the street . i 'm not jumping with him .
snoring . five , six guys . mumbling ... vietnamese . somebody talking in his sleep . a toilet flushing .
listen up . you two are married as of now . get used to it .
i don 't know ... he 's a little disgusting ... although some women go for that .
ugh , these tapes are a mess . i don 't know where to begin ...
so , edwin , baby , this is sunrise confession time ... what have you got for us ?
can you tell me something ? did you lose your mind all of a sudden or was it a slow gradual process ?
um ... i 've got to run . i 've bee doing this all day . are you going to be all right ?
this is it . i 'm in hell . damned to an eternity of idiotic conversation .
here ... i just would like to help you . i thought ... maybe ... you could use some money .
here 's another twenty . will that do ? i mean , what 's it going to take !
well , i think you should be realistic . ya can 't start an ad agency on fifty dollars !
we got ta get on home an ' relieve the sitter . why'nt you an ' ray come on over .
i 'm tryin ' , baby , so don 't start gettin ' mad now .
just one minute , you ! don 't you ever talk to me like that !
why can 't i go out to your folks ' house ? give me one good reason .
he 's not ... they feel he ... maybe he might not recover , and that he 'll either ...
well , you 're not going to run out on me right away , are you ?
i hope you feel at home , robert . i 'm really glad you 're here .
i 've walked across a stage a number of times , without exciting any particular response ...
see ? there 's nothing wrong with the way i walk . now where are we ?
please don 't scream at me . i like you , but i don 't like the way your attitude is .
you go back to that goddamn beach , i swear to god i 'll make you regret it .
can i call my mom ? i 'd like to tell here how much i 've always loved her .
oh , god , i think i 'm about to hyperventilate . have you got a paper bag , or something .
i was already prepared to commit one murder . what makes you think i won 't commit two ?
i don 't work for you yet , assface . don 't talk to me like that .
now , irwin , try to follow me . you can 't run the ad and then not run the story .
apparently , someone of your acquaintance has charged the most extraordinary lunch to my bill .
quiet . tell me you tapped in the police computer and found out lots of good stuff about art mooney ...
and it 's good to see you , julian . this is my assistant , jazz .
hoh graphic ! i 'm going to dream of ears for a year ! ugh !
fairlane , you gon na find out who killed the lead singer of black vomit ?
when you going to let me work with you ? why you always fucking with me ?
hey , troops , here 's that rock 'n ' roll detective i told you about .
alain is the only man i know who can become as enthusiastic about a bridge as he can about a woman .
let 's popeye around the chez for a half hour , catch the end of the show and a couple drinks .
what the hell am i drivin ' for ? i 'm a first grade detective . you 're a second grade guinea .
this fella nicoli 's got a record in france , walter . he 's wanted for questioning in the murder of a french cop .
yes ! that 's it ! you got it , you got it ! way to go , chief !
1998 ... ? this is wrong . who are you ? why are you doing this ?
you 're telling me this maniac is a cop ? what the hell am i supposed to do with that one ?
i 'm not your uncle , kid . gordo , what are you doing here ?
just came by to wrap up over there . thought i 'd say `` hello . ''
let 's spread out and check all the rooms . outside , too . you stay with me .
we had a slight misunderstanding with that motorcycle gang ... ... but shelly made them see the error of their ways .
you 've just learned a valuable lesson . a beautiful girl like you should never go out in the dark alone .
will you hurry up ! i got ta get this fuckmobile back before horace finds out i took it .
you just sit tight , jason . once the authorities from carpenter get here , you 'll ...
you become a whole other person when you 're out here , stan . and i don 't like it .
come on , dad . you could have rick drive down cunningham road and look for them .
can 't you at least call the camp and make sure everything 's all right ?
don 't concern yourself , martin . this boy needs treatment . we 're taking care of it . sorry for the disturbance .
jessica , i 'm so sorry . i ... i wanted to have this cleaned up before you got here .
all right . but if it mysteriously disappears en route , i 'll have you sent back home the minute we dock . understood ?
that 's it . you 're not setting foot off this ship until we return home .
you 've been coming out here every summer for the last three years , young lady , and you still haven 't learned how .
rule one , don 't panic . rule two , assess the damage and act accordingly ...
nicky . i was thinking about you . i went to the preview last night .
i used to tell myself . talent is more erotic when it 's wasted . will i see you tonight ?
`` take a sixth step , that we may follow our vows in life . ''
that 's the sort of thing you 'll be seeking on this `` farm '' ...
not quite . they 're only `` holding me '' until the magistrate 's hearing . then it will be prison .
if i want to be one with them , i have to live like them .
it is foolish if it is just to save the life of an old man .
we hope you intend to join us in the struggle for home rule , mr. gandhi .
after what they did at the massacre -- it 's only an eye for an eye .
i will not sit by to see the mastery of the british replaced by the mastery of the hindus !
it must have been the only non-violent campaign ever led by a man who wanted to kill everybody every day .
they are preparing for war . i will not support it , but i do not intend to take advantage of their danger .
you mean you employ mr. baker as your attorney , but you can 't walk down the street with him ?
ah -- we should invite gandhi . what the devil has happened to him anyway ?
vincent , where 's the shore ? we 're too far out . we have to go back !
and keep your lashes on your lids where they belong . how could you be so careless ?
first , we may as well decide on gender . have you given it any thought ?
jerome ... never shy . pisses on command . you 've got a beautiful cock . i ever told you that , jerome ?
just remember , lamar , i could have gone up and back and nobody would have been the wiser --
i 'm sorry i was late ... i got my hair done ... the girl was slow .
maybe . at least i got to him . where do we go from here ?
i trust ... want to see what i trust ... in god we trust ... the word 's on every bill ! ! !
something ought to loosen him up ... how comes we 're going to el paso , rudy ?
i don 't believe you , margaret . frank wasn 't like that . i 'm the villain in the family , remember ?
stuff it ! my girl friend 's coming from liverpool tonight . nice surprise , isn 't it ?
you 're finished , jack . you know that , don 't you ? i 've bloody finished you .
we know why you 're all steamed up , and so do gerald and sid .
so all this , um , you didn 't , actually , you didn 't go talk to graff .
why 'd you do it , frankie ? after all these years , why 'd you turn against him ?
she took a flight to san francisco . we figure she 's going to connect to new hampshire ; her parents ' place .
tom isn 't going to sit in with us , johnny . he only handles specific areas of the family business . tom ?
he says he doesn 't know anything , and i believe him . roth played this one beautifully .
sit down , tom . have you heard about our friend and partner , mr. hyman roth ?
we 're all part of the same hypocrisy , senator . but never think it applies to my family .
the master is dressing . i am to offer you a drink . there is whiskey and there is iced tea .
getting to be a warm day . a scorcher , as you yanks call it .
we could wrap this like a toga around your shoulders . would that help you overcome your schoolgirl shyness ?
you have to excuse me , mr. boone . since my stroke , i am often overcome with nostalgia .
i don 't mean to be a prick , but that 's how i feel .
is that why you and your friend split up ? because you wanted to be free ?
you 're much wider than i am . you won 't want to attempt to get into my pants .
i 'm not that way . get it through your fucking head . i don 't want to mess with you .
this kisser wasn 't so bad you couldn 't lay under it a few times .
and you said there 'd be some of me left . nobody 's going to know me in this getup .
he looks plenty big . you won 't need my help if anything goes flooey .
that 's my favorite line in my favorite movie of yours . `` bride of frankenstein . ''
don 't be shy . there 's time to stop before you go too far .
oh my god . what 's wrong , mr. whale ? is it your heart ?
well , now , he 's clear . and you 'll stay away from him ...
you 're thinking : okay , there 's no want ... but they probably stripped its guts and crated 'em up , right ... ?
it 's funny . there 's probably been five more cars stolen in the time i 've been here ...
and just in case you lose your keys , good sir , i can toss in a complimentary slim-jim , free of charge ...
i remember . supper getting cold , cos you two are out there heads under hoods ...
gosh , no . lipstick ? what next ? mascara , blush , floral-print dresses ?
okay . all our ladies should be home now , tucked in bed . let 's keep chilly . think slow . any questions ?
you 're gon na be okay , toby ... you are ... we 'll getcha fixed up ...
what are we going to do with him ? we can 't dump him in the street .
i didn 't agree to three points over the vig.- what am i nuts ? i didn 't need it that much .
batts 's made . his whole crew is going to be looking for him . this is fucking bad .
jesus , that 's really bad , did anyone even order a flyin ' fish ?
to tell you the truth , i wasn 't there much . the class was rather elementary .
will , i can 't believe you brought skylar here when we 're all wrecked . what 's she gon na think about us ?
oh , this is your file . i have to send it back to the judge with my evaluation .
you men are shameful . if you 're not thinking of your weiner then you 're acting on its behalf .
think i 'll look aroun ' an ' see if i can 't meet me a girl .
this used to be mine . i give it to grampa when i went away . you reckon they could be dead ?
can 't tell if you hear it or not . you hear it , tom ?
ma . pa. grampa , his eyes hurt and hunted and frightened and bewildered , scratches in the dirt .
i got to get a lot curiouser than i am -- with all them cops out there .
ma ... you know , if connie was here i wouldn 't min ' any a this .
i was so scared we was goin ' away without you -- and we 'd never see each other again .
you be careful , tommy . don 't you be stickin ' your nose in anything .
it 's jus ' till we get some distance . then you can come out .
that 's connie rivers with her . they 're married now . she 's due about three-four months .
got that desert yet . got ta take her tonight . take her in the daytime fella says she 'll cut your gizzard out .
ya know , you 're the second fella talked like that . i 'd like to hear some more about that .
maybe it 's nice on the other side . them pitchers -- them little pos'cards -- they was real pretty .
lotta these little farmers mighty nice fellas . trouble is they 're little , they ain 't got much say-so .
i want two eggs poached , hash brown well-done . english muffin for the bread . and a coffee .
sometimes . i 'm in divorce , mainly . some property . some personal injury .
i won 't apologize for this . and i won 't hide it . not for anybody .
oh , god , what are we going to do ? i 'm supposed to --
liz is taking care of him . the doctor said the sooner you start therapy the better the chances are you can --
you want to take your bath ? we have to get up early tomorrow . you may not have enough time to --
what the hell does that mean ? how much more do i have to do to prove how important this magazine is to me ?
they 're already all settled in , frank . anyway , i 'm sure annie wants her privacy .
play that sweet one you know . the one makes my wife here so friendly .
they don 't get burned by the sun bouncing off the snow . and they 're good mother .
it 'd be a whole lot easier to pay the feed end of the month ...
you know , rona , we weren 't all that good together even when we were good together .
i can 't . everybody who touches that thing gets busted , i can 't afford to get arrested , i 'm sorry .
active matrix , man . a million psychedelic colors . man , baby , sweet , ooo !
well , i got a lot , alright ? i don 't know how many but ... my head hurts .
due to mr. gill 's untimely demise and everything , i guess you two will have to improvise the next round .
right . anything else , you want me to mow the lawn ? oops , forgot . new york . no grass .
jesus , i got ta save all your asses . i help , we can do it in five minutes , man .
yeah , there 's an olympic size swimming pool up on the roof . take the stairs over there .
i need a handle , man . i don 't have an identity until i have a handle .
anyways , guys , guys , listen , listen to me . i 'm in this computer right ? so i 'm looking around ...
hang on mrs. pierce . not that tie , on the other side . that 's not the only thing your eating rachel .
oh dear god . its all right ... a bad dream , just a nasty old dream .
we 're going to ben 's . the phone never just rings at a police station .
like the last time ? how many people killed back then ? how many kids ?
now i pad locked the back door , this is the only way in and out of this house . you got that ?
i 'm baby sitting for the doyles . it 's only three houses away . we can keep each other company .
it 's tragic . you never go out . you must have a small fortune stashed from babysitting so much .
you 'll have to . he 's calling you tomorrow to find out what time to pick you up .
now i want you to change your clothes , tommy . we 're going to take a walk outside .
sam , haddonfield is a hundred and fifty miles from here . how could he get there ? he can 't drive .
oh , that was a wonderful show . i think that 's the best show you two ever wrote .
we saw , um , pavarotti , eh , uh , in ernani at the met , and i cried ...
well , i 'm sorry to say you have had a significant drop in the high- decibel range of your right ear .
have you been exposed to a loud noise recently , or did you have a virus ?
dusty 's just bought a huge house in southampton and he 's in the process of decorating it .
really ? so , so , what else ? wh- what are you up to ?
unless , of course , if-if you had some time , i mean , we could get some coffee .
have you been talking to holly or lee about us ? about our-our personal life ?
well , what is it then ? what ? eh , what 's come between us ? how have i alienated you ?
lucy and i kept talking , and i didn 't realize how late it had gotten .
eh , you were miserable this morning ! we got bad reviews , terrible ratings , the sponsors are furious ...
maybe you need a few weeks in bermuda , or something . or go to a whorehouse ! no ?
oh , i don -- ask elliot for that . uh , he 's got them somewhere .
i mean , i don 't know , he 's seeing someone else or something , but ...
maybe when she 's eighty , she 'll stop straightening her garter belt when there 's a guy around .
yeah , she knows it , too , 'cause she 's flirting with all the men here .
yeah , well , she and an architect are now a very definite item , which i still can not believe .
... thank you ... and how are you this evening , doctor ? no , we know that you 're awake ...
believe me , i wish i knew less . oh , if you weren 't such a pig ...
i 'll bet you 're glad i waited until the last day to have this conversation .
okay , okay , just don 't everyone talk at once ... first of all , little jason has a learning disability ...
do you realize if the women of america would have just heard what you said ...
you are to be executed at dawn anyway . might as well commit the crime . go to her , wichita ...
i 'm sorry . it just ... it seems silly . like kissing a girl .
excuse me , counselor wendy , i need assistance in finding that important ... thingie in the storage room .
i 'm really sorry i couldn 't make it to your birthday party last month .
i missed you . i know i 'm not as , as exciting as your other friends .
if i got that money , i 'd give it all to the poor . every cent .
hey , this question wouldn 't be that bizarro thing you were babbling about over the phone last ... ...
j.d. ? you seem pretty amused . i thought you were giving up on high school guys .
god , they won 't expell him . they 'll just suspend him for a week or something .
yeah , you know holden caulfield in the catcher in the rye wouldn 't put up with their bogus nonsense .
god , aren 't they fed yet ? do they even have thanksgiving in africa ?
god veronica , drool much ? his name 's jason dean . he 's in my american history .
probably just row on out to the middle of a lake . bring along my sax , some tequila , and some bach .
that was my first game of strip croquet , you know . i thank you .
trust me . she skips the saturday morning trip to grandma 's even when she 's not hungover .
football season 's over , veronica . kurt and ram had nothing to offer the school but date-rapes and a.i.d.s . jokes .
you 're getting too cool for me , j.d . i don 't know how to talk to you .
i knew that loose was too noose ! i mean , noose too loose ! goddamn you !
okay , okay . i knew that . i knew that . put your hands on your head .
yvonne hasn 't been herself , either . locking herself away in her room . . . endlessly writing .
i had a nasty foreboding feeling at first , but now i realise my crime was too frightful for an ordinary lecture .
i bet he pitches a tent in the middle of their bedroom , and they have to pretend to be on some mountain !
i wish james would do a religious picture . . . he 'd be perfect as jesus !
james will be there . . . and mario ! only they 'll be saints .
let 's go upstairs , deborah . i wrote the last 10 pages of my opera last night .
why don 't you relax for the next couple of hours ? barring any relapses you should be able to go home after that .
last time anybody saw this woman she was alive . you seem to certain she 's dead .
oh my god trevor ! it hurts ! ! oh my god , oh my god . trevor , it 's coming out .
willya lem me talk for chrissake ? i 'm trying to tell you what happened . what happened is ...
uh , no . but i , uh , wonder if you could up support ... support a program to help the needy and ...
uh , if you could , just , uh , support , uh , a small airfield ...
swiped your purse ! while he was saving you ? you got ta be kidding !
i haven 't won it yet . i notice you 've got me scheduled on a flight back an hour after the ceremony .
there 's no face really , nothing to work with . big dots , that 's all you 'll get .
i mean , he 's a smart kid , he 'll get by -- he takes after me . you 're too sensitive .
the floor has a nice shine to it . oh god -- we have twenty-two messages on the machine .
that 's not all , lieutenant . wait until you see the tape . it 's unbelievable .
for chrissake ! gim me a break . the guy disappears for seven years and as soon as he comes back it starts again .
your words are kind and they flatter me -- but i think of her as a sister . besides , you hardly know me .
it flatters me you remember , old one . it 's been what ... two hundred years ?
dear , sweet , rachel . men 's lifes are measured by the good they do .
find out how we can hurt him . by the end of the day , i want to own him .
c'mon , dennis , this is stupid . i thought we were gon na go to the movies .
everyone knows what we look like , dennis . we won 't be able to hide .
take it easy . just take it easy . we 're here to do business .
they 're close . let me make a call . you can see they 're okay .
one at a time ! clear the air ! louise ? talk to me . what do we have ?
mickey ? call the state homicide bureau . don 't touch anything , just sit back and wait .
that 's on the second floor . could you climb out your window if we were downstairs to catch you ?
if i get rooney into the back of the house , can you find the disks without being caught ?
i will try my best george but these days i have no time for rallies or politics .
a bargain buy , from china . ten cents each , i 'll get a dollar .
terrible times , paul . there are bodies everywhere . i can not stay here .
they should go one truck at a time . when the first truck gets through to the airport , then the others will follow .
this is not bad news , tatsi . perhaps they fled or could not make it home . there is hope .
very well . but if this thing gets worse , we must close . if there 's anything you need , call anytime .
for food and clothes , and all that grows , etc , etc . dear lord , thank you .
take a bow , steven , you 've outdone yourself tonight -- scared holy hell out of even me .
now what do we do ? we 've got to hold him somewhere 'til the police --
if there really is someone else in this house , i think the four of us can handle the situation .
i wan na know first : to what do i owe this honor ? i mean , i never even heard of this guy .
so you 're saying as long as that door stays locked , we 're okay ?
well , she went somewhere ! she didn 't just up and disappear into thin air !
-- forget it . last birthday the manson family ranch , the year before that : jonestown .
and where are we off to , mr. price ? check the wiring on the animatronic mummies ?
-- it 's getting older by the second . mr. price , if i could just please have --
of course he did , for god 's sake . didn 't he , mr. pritchett ?
you should really open this place to the public , pritchett -- a spa for people without enough stress in their lives .
we 're here aubrey ! look , don 't be afraid . we want you to come back to us ...
not at all . i 'm just trying to put together all the evidence , to determine what it could possibly be .
ok , so we have a ... presence . what do we do about it ?
i 'm not sure , but i can check . did the events start before or after you discovered this ?
take care of the girl . take care of your family . they are important .
well , you know where to reach me . the church is a stone 's throw away if you want to come to mass .
no . but i 'm a clairvoyant . i can sometimes talk to unhappy spirits inhabiting a certain place .
look , lady ! i told you ! it 's not my problem ! i was just there !
... but it is good . you know , over to the left , you can ...
i understand . their fortune was so tempting , their affection so conditional . what else could you do ?
i 'm sorr -- goddamn mario brothers . goddamn gates . goddamn rutherford auction house . by the way , how many seconds ?
`` he can 't write his name or read a book . to fool people is his only thought . ''
rio , alex ? after all they 've done to ... hey , these tickets are for moscow !
with all due respect to that great blouse , why didn 't i cut out her heart ?
come on , pierre , steak-bur-ger , fren-n-ch fries . this is france , you got ta have french ... ..
this is the room above the art treasures room . the lock is a natalya z-z , first created ...
come on , this stuff will knock you out . have you ever had the feeling you were being followed , mr . bond .
haven 't you ever seen , like david niven ? you know tiptoe in , tiptoe out .
come to think of it there is a part of your body that you won 't need for your next job ...
why do you show your parole officer such disrespect ? especially after i got you such a nice job .
what else do you got under there ... i don 't want to be rude , but this is all pretty lame .
hudson hawkins gets the chair of honor . how about a gates-arita ? i used real hot dogs .
damnit , i hate this ! i 'm a cat burglar ! nobody said anything about this fight-to-the-death shit .
i 'm telling you , smitty , the board of hudsucker is up to something --
oh , of all the foolish ... listen , do you take shorthand ? are you familiar with the mimeograph machine ?
yeah , i think i 've heard of that . what goes around comes around .
... oh , it 's you ! lookin ' for a nitwit to buy your lunch ? !
archer , you 're a broken record . fact is gunderson did design it -- apparently he 's some kind of prodigy --
that reminds me , mr. mu ... uh , sid . i never did give you that --
relax , norville . it 's only natural in a period of transition for the more nervous element to run for cover .
believe me , mrs. rand , he doesn 't do this often . this is the first time i 've seen him --
thank you , mrs. rand . i think you 're every bit as nice as wes says you are .
why , betsy -- we can 't lose you . you mean too much to us here .
i 've worked with it . i 've seen cures . it is at least a hope .
as a matter of fact , it means the sugar syrup is ready to be poured off . you 'll have to excuse me .
considering that the paper is three months old and this isn 't sunday -- no thank you .
i think i do . i 've often talked a little voodoo to get medicine down a patient 's throat .
but i assure you , father walters , miss connell had no idea of the consequences when she went there .
that could be a serious accusation , rand , if it weren 't a foolish one .
oh . elena wanted to know when we could expect you on thanksgiving . it 's just going to be you this year .
come on paulie , share the wealth . you copped 'em from her mom 's stash anyway .
we -- we have to go to the guest room . we can 't stay in here . what if mikey ? my parents ?
i 'm going back to the lodge , ellie . still need to go through some of kay connell 's school records .
he knew exactly what we 'd be looking for . made sure to cover up all his tracks .
i wish i could stick it out like you . i just , with trish and the kids ...
i got it . don 't know why i bother . it 's been broken for two years .
my god ... so it 's as i always feared . nothing , leading to nothing .
you see the old woman ? that will never happen to you . you 'll never grow old . you will never die .
but now 's the time to end it , louis . now 's the time to leave him .
in europe , louis . we shall meet our own kind . find the one who made him . learn what it means .
you 're body 's dying . pay no attention . it will take twenty minutes at most .
you 'll get used to killing . just forget about that mortal coil . you 'll become accustomed to things all too quickly .
claudia , claudia , will you never learn ? who will we get now to finish your dress ? a little practicality , cherie ...
you 'll come home with me louis ? fro a little while ... until i am myself again .
is this what you want ? you ask me for this after all i 've told you ?
you 'll go away with you 're college friends , but you won 't go away with me ?
oh , stop it ! he 's dead . you killed him . now , get over it . we got ta think here .
julie , the boats are gone , the phones are down . there 's no way off this place .
ray , karla won a trip to the bahamas ! an island called tower bay . and she wants us to come with her .
we 'd have a long weekend just to sit in the sun , drink fruity drinks , and swim , and ... you know ...
and it 's been blue skies all day . it might be perfect all weekend .
if you can say all you got ta say in a minute then i don 't wan na hear it .
i used to be a lifeguard ... i 'd hate to have to blow my whistle .
don 't really have the market for something like this ... i can go two ... two-fifty .
hell , that 's worth three , easy . and you got your waiting period .
but the gods played a little trick on me . i was born in switzerland .
i wonder if my editor 's psychic ? reports from the greek front are going to be a little vague .
i 'd like to , very much -- but it depends on what dispatches are waiting for me on the mainland .
the ancient greeks had just as good an explanation -- that the gods sent the plague to punish mortals for harboring vrykolaka --
you were singing , weren 't you ? a beautiful voice , miss st. aubyn .
i adore hearing thea sing -- but my poor head 's beginning to ache . i 'm so sorry .
the young man , mr. davis , seems to be some kind of an unofficial observer a correspondent of some sort
you do not know her last name -- you do not know from where she came ?
well , at any rate , i would like to say goodbye to the girl .
thea , what is this ? what are you trying to tell me ? `` he stole your mother '' -
because she loved him . i know him , thea . believe me , he is not a cruel man .
let me tell him . when he knows you are his child , he 'll forget these insane notions -
all right , put up your hands . no fast moves . come on out here , both of you .
you see , george , you were not there to stop gower from putting that poison into the . . .
. . . two of them as they were about to crash into a transport full of soldiers .
bert , the cop , sent this over . he said to float away to happy land on the bubbles .
oh , no , please , don 't go out this way , mr. bailey .
yes , sir . they have the diphtheria there , haven 't they , sir ?
mr. gower ! mr. gower ! this is george bailey ! don 't you know me ?
that does it ! out you two pixies go , through the door or out the window !
i 'm going to miss old annie . pop , i think i 'll get dressed and go over to harry 's party .
oh . . . me ? oh , well , i feel funny enough already , with all these kids .
george , was it a nice wedding ? gosh , i wanted to be there .
put those things in the car and i 'll get your tie and studs together .
as soon as you get us on the island , you got to call in . my dad 's the mayor ... .
oh yeah -- i 'm expecting a long distance call , very important . give them my home phone .
about 10 degrees off your star- board bow , take a heading leeward of sand island , and lay her north by northeast ... .
see where cable junction is ? look to the left . the lighthouse . that 's it .
don 't go out if it 's rough or any- thing , huh ? we 've had a lot of trouble .
is jeff hendricks qualified to fill in as an interim chief of police in your absence ?
what have you seen before ? this is nothing . seaweed . mud . some- thing in the lens .
as soon as i heard about it , i called you . this thing is big ! his arms indicate big .
hey -- it 's not your job any more . i 'm going to be late for work .
martin , could you wait here for a few minutes while we make up our minds about something ?
mrs. brody , look -- if he can 't go , then you can 't go . neither of you can go .
look -- if you 're going to get in the way , you can just go home .
and if you have any questions about recreational possibilities , ellen brody here will be happy to answer them .
you should 've been out there . you should 've seen him waving that gun , like a maniac . there were shots fired !
you would , wouldn 't you ? i 'd end up whale shit , you wouldn 't care .
that 's what i 've come to ask you . is there any large place that has a strong current of water flowing ?
you set that thing off down there , you don 't know what will happen .
he 's big , hutton . you never saw anything so big . watch yourself .
okay , you two , have a good life without me . i got ta go .
i bought him his first legal drink . he got so pissed that night ... .
she calls it , 'tourist on the loose . ' local government commissioned it . for the public beach ... .
we have three months of work and approximately no money left to support it ... .
we have to dig it deep so the water will go all the way around ... so we can swim to it ... .
no one . nothing . we 've got to get this finished before the tide comes in .
it came for him . it waited all this time and it came for him ... .
there 's never been a great white where we live . it 's warm water ... they don 't like it ... .
oh , it looks like my uncle 's . he taught me how to sail when i was a kid ... .
oh , i didn 't mean ... . i 'm being such a grandma ... .
you 're going after her in that ? you 're crazy ... it 'll take all day in that bathtub ... .
when we find her we 'll radio her position ... the coast guard will pick her up . don 't worry ... .
i want you to leave her alone . i don 't want you involving her in ... .
what for ? we 've got a job to finish ... why are you making the monitor ?
i 've got about a half dozen ... i 'm going to tag them . you hearing anything ?
listen to carla ... marry me ... i 'm tall , dark and handsome ... two out of three ain 't bad ... .
that man keeps calling about his training film . i can 't convince him we don 't have a s.w.a.t . team .
i dunno .. guess the dozer musta shifted him ? you need some hands up here to look ..
no , sir . i haven 't started till monday . i 'm a `` tourist . ''
mr blattis , of our local news- paper . you sure it 's a suicide ?
not today .. i 'm on a diet to- day .. i 'll take a diet soda ..
yes , sir , i think they maybe . i think `` jennifer , '' and this lady got hit by the same guy ?
john ? .. you never said that on the phone ? .. what makes you think his name was john ?
i 'm sorry , someone slammed the door on me . i couldn 't get out .
i haven 't worn heels since i was 16 . i don 't think i could walk in these ?
damn a , it 's o.k . with a bit of luck i 'm goin home . what we got ?
you know . i don 't think we need to do the thing where we tell each other everything !
i did the 23 hour nose-route to the top of el capitan in 6 hours ! i can make this work .
airight . enough . i 'm pulling him out of this . this isn 't what i had in mind anyway .
so i know this is a bad time , but -- you will have a medical program , right ?
matt , i came here because in all honesty your son is just another piece of cattle to smi . but to me --
i want him to go number one in the draft , and i want him to play .
alright , we 're just getting started on my list of things you need to know . take notes if you want to .
after what you 've seen today , you really think your son could be alive ?
first off let me say as a dinosaur enthusiasts , amanda and i have admired your work for years .
well , i 'm no aviation specialist . but i do know it 's hell of a lot lower than anyone else .
we can 't just stop looking . eric and dr. grant are out there somewhere .
you see , that 's just the thing . paul and i have special permission to fly low .
they couldnt climb up , so they were trying to get us to come down .
they 'll never make it . i mean , they can 't manage when the cable goes out .
dr. grant if you 'd just sit tight , we 'll explain this all in a jiffy .
that was a pair bond ! a family group , even , long after that infant was nestbound !
the empty shells are crushed and trampled . the young stay in the birth environment , that 's conclusive !
carnivores hunt near stream beds . do you want to set up base camp or an all-you-can-eat people bar ?
the radio rig is inside . it runs directly from the geothermal generator , so power shouldn 't be a problem .
trespassing , sabotage -- you could go to jail just for being here , did you know that ?
that 's impossible , they can 't have the sensory equipment to track it all the way here !
ruining everything , that 's what they 're doing . you could choke on the diesel smoke already !
if we can 't stay in the rex 's territory , we have to move tonight .
ladies and gentlemen , last shuttle to the dock leaves in approximately five minutes . drop what you are doing and leave now .
i found a way to re-route through the program . i 'm turning the cars around in the rest area loop .
paleo-dna ? from what source ? where do you get 100 million year old dinosaur blood ? !
please - - let 's hear something from the others . dr. grant ? i am sorry - - dr. sattler ?
imbalance , disorientation , labored breathing . seems to happen about every six weeks or so .
oh ellie . it 's so beautiful . it 's the most beautiful thing i ever saw .
ellie , i 've been thinking there 's something about the periodicity doesn 't had up .
it 's just the two raptors , right ? you 're sure the third one 's contained ?
i can 't wait anymore . something went wrong . i 'm going to go get the power back on .
seven days ? ! seven days ? ! oh , great . oh good - - clever .
it 's a bit of a climb . you guys think you can make it ?
he 's knocked out ! he 's knocked out ! dr. grant ! dr. grant ! daddy , daddy !
what are you gon na do now if you don 't have to dig of dinosaur bones any more ?
i am gon na have to find the others and get you to a doctor . will you look after tim , lex ?
you 'll have to get use to dr. malcolm ! he suffers from a deplorable excess of personality , especially for a mathematician !
i think perhaps i 'll just sit down . i don 't suppose you think all that much of me now , do you ?
robert - - i wonder if perhaps you would be kind good enough to take a gas jeep and bring back my grandchildren .
what 's going to happen to the goat ? he 's going to eat the goat ? !
ruby ... this guy almost took out an entire tactical response team . you can 't expect me to just leave you --
now ... i think the video store 's open for another couple of hours . let 's go .
there 's nothing to see here . he sleeps ... we record it . that 's all that happens .
yours is a very powerful and important firm -- it has a lot at stake .
gabriela was right -- it 's easier for me to understand suicide . i 'm a practicing suicide .
the castle gates were blockaded in the time of the great plague -- it 's an escape route . don 't get stuck .
still , we 're probably closer to you at the moment than any of your fellow human beings .
my assistants . i should have known . nothing is given to me . i have to acquire everything .
the fact that it 's live bodies you practice your trade on doesn 't seem to matter to you .
can i see the map ? my father spoke of references to a beast god ...
am actually laying my hand on the twenty-five foot gorilla.ladies and gentlemen ! i am touching the beast !
out ! out ! all of you ! we have been issued with an exclusive permit -
father it 's somewhere south-west of here - we need to inform the museum ... organize an expedition -
god , you 're so obnoxious ! our work happens to be of great anthropological value !
i guess that answers your questions . there 's no island on these co- ordinates - not even a lousy fog-bank .
they 're stoking the boilers . as soon as we 've got some steam , we 're outta here .
denham ! go back to the wall ... tell'em to give me twelve hours to get back with ann !
not me . thought i 'd head out west ... get into some redwood country .
what did you expect ? frankie still has a good string , three girls . figure three hundred a week from each .
hey -- look officer -- i can explain everything . it was just -- you know , everything all of a --
can i carry something for you , to the car ? will you kiss me ?
he 's right you know . waiting for the pusher , she 'd tell you anything .
gov , want to leave me that one . how come he got to play with this one , anyway .
objection , your honor . the answer is , to be generous , very vague .
objection ! your honor , counsel is raising a question that is not germane to these proceedings .
look at us , joanna . just like any old married couple having dinner . who would believe it .
i can 't help but feel somehow ... it 's my fault . i keep thinking i could 've done something -- stopped it ...
okay ... i think i 'll go talk to my son now . how do i look ?
jesus christ . that 's a real blockbuster . i always figured you guys had it made .
hiya , phyllis . these are the revlon contracts . i thought you ought to check them out .
kramer , i 've got to go . i 've got an eight o'clock closing tomorrow down on centre street .
o'connor 's out to get you . he 's going to take the fire and ice account away from you .
mr. kramer , would you tell the court exactly why you want to retain custody of your child .
ted ? they 've set the court date . i just heard today ... it 's ... january sixth .
your father had been very ill , we thought he would die , and some animals had died .
land reform is underway in amdo . the large estates are being confiscated and redistributed . landlords are being punished .
we are now accused of aiding the rebels . the chinese said we can expect drastic measures to be taken to crush this revolt .
again . not to be disruptive . do we have a problem with it dying ?
i brought a pork chop , maybe we could hang it around your neck for luck .
that was ... y'know if the guy asks me can she kiss , now i 'll be able to tell him if you can .
i 'm sure this would offend you on principal but ... could we keep in touch ?
you missed fourth amendment law . unlawful seizure , real juicy stuff . where were you all afternoon ?
mr. krendler ... dr. lecter trusts me . or at least , he used to . if i could just -
do you need a police escort , starling ? or do you think you can find the airport by yourself ?
not to my knowledge . privacy is a great concern to my customers . but , if you say this is an fbi matter ...
excuse me , but i really do need to talk to you . this was mrs. lippman 's house . did you know her ?
yes , well ... okay , right . i 'm glad for the chance , sir , but - why me ?
i don 't know . i didn 't see those on any of the other girls ...
oh , officer starling ... do you think you can dissect me with this blunt little tool ?
i 'm not having a witch hunt here , mr. crawford ! our patients are decent , non-violent people with a real problem .
examination and interview materials are confidential . we 've never violated an applicant 's trust , and we never will .
the men of the regiment will fetch water from the lake , build fires and provide every comfort you desire , alice ...
he knew the penalty for breaking regulations . he ought to pay without sending you to beg .
so the huron are the servants of the french ? to do what the french are shamed to do ?
no , it 's not going through . the intercom 's busted . i thought dejesus fixed that ?
that 's why there 's a dead one on the ship . it ran out of blood .
we don 't have much choice ... without air , the internal pressure will fall and --
i hit it . but i can 't see it ! can you see it ? !
i guess i figured if i was in their shoes that 's what i would 've done .
i say we should go get in the escape bubbles and get the hell out of here !
hey , jonesy , who 's the best power forward in the nba ... jameson ?
no ... he 's really sick . i heard him last night . the company will take that into consideration ...
when the old bastard is not playing cards he 's chasing a thousand debts that ill-fated individuals owe for an array of reasons .
drachmas , i hope . i would feel safer with a chicken drumstick . they could do more harm than good .
twenty-five from me , tom , soap and yourself ; a hundred grand to the pound . you don 't need to count it .
of course you will , sweetheart . this one , search this one . ed finds the keys without any trouble .
the boys had 'em . i know you like these things ; wondered if you wanted them ?
j , what 's going on out there ? get the rifle out , charles . we 're being fucked .
where the fuck are they going ? to butcher a sheep ? i thought this was a robbery .
the only item that connects us with the crime is sitting in your car which is sitting outside ?
chill , winston , it 's me and charlie can see it 's me , so what 's the problem ?
it 's not our job to get involved in your personal life , but when it interferes with the training here --
big o was always there with a smile or a loan or a free drink .
maybe we 'll clean that thing out back up , have a barbecue next weekend . we could invite him and his wife over .
i sprint the last quarter mile . you gentlemen don 't have to keep up if you don 't care to .
big day coming up -- i wish we 'd have thought of it while he was still living . but he went so unexpected .
don 't think the rangers are likely to find out any more than they already have .
it 's supposed to be some big sin , even if you love each other .
a lot of people are going to be really pissed off when they discover you 're still alive .
yeah , i 'm going to take a shower and i 'll meet you downstairs .
why do you have to be with your opposite , why cant similar people be together ?
you can 't get sushi anywhere in japan after 2 o'clock . did you know that ?
how 'd your interview go ? i 'm sure you charmed the hell out of sally .
it 's great of you to let william and susan stay at the house until he gets on his feet .
honey , you 're exhausted . do you want to lie down for a little while ?
you 're about to become the anti-christ who is born unholy and becomes the door to eternal suffering in this world .
when townsend tried to kill me , he said something strange like ... `` the time of transformation is near ... ''
he couldn 't stop us and that 's how he was punished . peter , what time were you born ?
... and if you want a thicker base , you can cut in a potato or just use a little flour .
you know , girl , long as i 've lived next door , i 've never seen the inside of this house .
told you i was nice . i 'm going to be the first girl in the nba .
since we 're being honest , guess i should tell you . i 'm dropping out of school and going pro .
i - just - thought - that - i - didn 't want - i - didn 't - i - didn 't -
phil , hang in just one more minute ok ? i 'm gon na put you on hold -- doc you still there ?
who was it that said : `` a man of genius has seldom been ruined but by himself . ''
no . no . stay down , marcie , sit back down on that couch --
what 's this ? what 's this ? god damn bullshit . bullshit . don 't put those --
we 're not going out two days before we set the record , it 's not gon na happen .
stanley if you don 't fuckin ' stand up and go over there i 'm gon na beat your ass --
it -- it doesn 't matter , mother ! he is dead now ! dead !
porthos sleeps , and you plot . don 't you think it 's time you told me what it is you are plotting ?
can we eat ... before we go ? this excitement 's given me an appetite .
that must be raoul ! raoul ! look , d'artagnan 's come to visit ... ! what 's wrong ? you look awful !
if you ever loved me -- if you ever loved honor , or anything else -- then stand now , and let it happen .
your majesty . this ball , with an open invitation to the nobility of paris -- we have no way of checking --
i will order a mass for his soul . it will guarantee his place in heaven .
i don 't know how you 're used to doing things , marvosa , but it sounds like some damn sloppy work to me !
just wondering if maybe they had a thing going with this hooker , you know , some connection .
i tell you one thing trudell - you 'd make a hell of a cop ...
you know this time , there 's nobody that 's gon na cover your ass . you 're over your head this time .
the chicago office is running through all the personal ads in the tattler right now .
a cat . we found a litter box downstairs but not the cat . neighbors are watching for it .
am i alone in this room ? are you here ... why are you doing this ? !
she 'll fuck other people . pretty people . she 'll put in her mouth their ...
put it down on my desk blotter and don 't touch it again . has anyone else handled it except you ?
okay . fine , i 'll do it . but i have a few terms .
i 'm here with ed over at taxi . there 's been some trouble with tony .
oh dear ! george , this is gon na kill tony . he 's waited his whole life for this break .
that means it was a success . i woke up the audience -- like punk rock ! here , take this .
the world thinks andy kaufman sucks . so i was just giving 'em what they want ...
andy , you 're surrounded by what you create . you are the king of negative energy .
andy ... we don 't want the viewer to get out of their chair . they might change the channel .
andy ... uhh ... this network has a long-standing policy : the viewer must be able to see the program .
why did you call me ? the last person i ever expected to get a call from was you .
ooo , the little lady 's upset . well i say -- get back in the kitchen !
ehh -- andy doesn 't really like playing casinos . the audiences don 't work well for him .
you ever have the feeling that you 're not sure if you 're awake or still dreaming ?
you are a beautiful woman . too bad things had to work out like this .
this is another matrix simulation . a training program to help you get your sea legs and teach you one very important lesson .
i said don 't worry about it . i 'll get one of my kids to fix it .
well , i don 't know if we want to buy all $ 40 worth ...
really wanted to get a little tiger charlie , y'know ... a little william blake and all that ...
see what i mean ? a question please ... 'is this what you call living ? '
listen , try a place with some sun . swimming pools . palm trees . girls in little french bathing suits .
your cousin here was getting sick , worrying about you . we 've been in here calling ...
johnny , i swear to god , if you open your mouth about any of this ...
hello , michael . i 've got something for you ... not much ... but ...
hey ... you 're here . they told me you 're here ... and you 're here . how are you ?
look , michael , i 'll get him here . what do you want me to do , kill him ?
who me ? ... no , i don 't know , not me ... all i know is ...
the building on the corner . that one ! he 's been on the roof a half hour now !
sorry ... um - you - you know it 's gone right out of my head --
i was a little abrupt with you this afternoon , drew . forgive me . i want you to know i value your advice .
i don 't want to get rich this way -- i 'm going to expose you .
yes . your father and i , our time together has come to an end .
-- what 's the deal here ? are you going to be breathing down my neck right 'til the very end ?
why don 't we let it rest for the moment ? give it some air ?
funny , i don 't get that feeling . maybe it 's because you found out i 'm bill parrish 's daughter .
you read it off your fucking photo . you don 't know me , you don 't even know who you are .
i 'm sorry , i think i 'm checked in here , but i 've misplaced my key .
i 'm sorry , i think i 'm checked in here , but i 've misplaced my key .
you don 't know , do you ? you 're blissfully ignorant , aren 't you ?
i 'm not gon na help you kill this guy , if that 's what -
it must be his . i don 't think they 'd let someone like me carry a gun .
my wife 's death . i used to work in insurance , we were well covered .
i was wrong ! that 's the whole point ! sammy 's wife came to me and -
okay . we clean him up , untie him and * march him out with a gun in his back . *
she 's sending a message . meth lab . trailer park . anything with interesting antenna arrays ... ?
there is one thing you can do for me in recognition of the death- defying risks we took to recover your product ...
what am i supposed to do after i get my nails and hair done ... ?
and violence is extra . and expensive . so how much weight you looking to move ?
what do i care what you think about how he looks ? you wan na fuck my partner or do business ?
i walk into neptune 's house ... very nice . but i also see you ... and our drugs that got ripped from maguda .
you 're such a doll . i hate money , don 't you ? god , it 's been fun .
that is one hell of a shirt . i bet you paid a pretty price for it , am i right ?
hey , listen , how about you take me to mee this mister o'diddle bird right now ?
you ain 't got a chance in hell . you need threads and glitter , baby . a front , hey ?
hey , you 're good ! i bet you could pick up a living at this if you tried .
well , uh , he dam well know he ain 't 'be-loved aunt winifred ' .
well , if you 're awright , why you hanging on the bannister . can you walk or not ?
got ta be here someplace . thought i heard a couple of dead christians singing down there .
for chrissakes . you gon na lay a two- bit bureaucratic , territorial number on me ?
for chrissakes , what 's the problem ? you need a memo every time you fart ?
you gon na finally get to fuck around with the wires . think you can handle it ?
it would take a minute or so . you won 't last that long out there .
who know ? we get lucky , maybe a couple of 'em 'll be ours .
you were the one who ran around with ice in his underwear , don 't forget that .
okay , meet me out front . i got ta go . josh 's picking me up in five . see you tonight .
evolution doesn 't work that fast . something pushed that thing to take the leap . we need to find another specimen .
so , you 're saying this is like those bugs that -- that look like twigs or leaves or ...
his blood ! it 's driving them crazy ! we have to mask the odor !
don 't touch it . and for godsakes , try not to sweat . they can sense chemical changes ...
i was just thinking how i could use a pair of pliers ... and i remembered where they are ...
thanks , miz wilkes , but i don 't want to take up any more of your time . i best be going .
no , it wasn 't a miracle at all ... in a way , i was following you .
i 've known from the very first book that misery had to be born of nobility and i was right !
virginia , when you 're in this car , you 're not my wife , you 're my deputy .
here 's the list of all sheldon 's credit charges . nothing after the silver creek . any calls ?
god damn it , nyah ! why did you do it ? why did you save that bastard ?
ambrose is meeting some bloke in the bar . big bloke , ginger hair . they 're into something .
well , then , what i am i doing here ? i assume i 'm meant to be some sort of thief-to catch-a-thief..
nyah , you 've done more than enough . even the best of snake charmers get bit .
if he didn 't want to go anywhere without me , how did you get him on the flight ?
whatever nekhorvich was carrying sean wanted and he wanted to conceal the fact that he took it .
sean feels he hasn 't done the job unless he leaves a lot of hats on the ground .
you and i know about this -- and that 's where it stops . understand ? it never happened .
ethan -- ethan , it 's okay . it 's claire . ethan what 's wrong with you ?
i 'm going to have to front you personally . don 't lose that money without losing your life .
before london . but after you took the bible out of the drake hotel in chicago .
at dinner , my daughter-in-law threatened to kill me . things are very bad in my house .
ouch . too young ! i just got that . you know how to hurt guy . how old are you ?
good sir knight , will you come with me to camelot , and join our number at the round table ?
who are you ? tall knight we are the knights who say `` ni '' !
what manner of man are you that can conjure up fire without flint or tinder ?
... um ... yes ... no ... a bit ... yes ... she has got a wart .
look , it 's my duty as a knight to try and sample as much peril as i can .
when you have found the shrubbery , then you must cut down the mightiest tree in the forest ... with a herring .
she 'll blow hot and cold on you , john , she always does . you want to be careful .
she 'll drop you . when she 's done with you , she 'll drop you .
won 't you give yourself a rest , john ? she 's other people to look out for her .
if it is inconvenient to her majesty , then perhaps she might consider allowing the prince of wales to host --
the order of seating at the upper servant 's table is arranged personally by the queen herself .
i thought i made myself perfectly clear . you do not leave your room until her majesty requests it .
if prince albert were here today , he 'd tell him a thing or two .
aye , well , if all you want is a good opinion then he 'd be sure to oblige you .
i never thought to be bullied by you , mr disraeli . you , i thought , understood a widow 's grief .
no . you are mistaken . prince albert , my husband , had typhoid fever . i asked what was wrong with my son .
we vere thinking there might be tricks . you know , surprises that you 'd worked into the game ...
it 's not this weird . it 'll make sense . everything gets weird this late anyway , right ?
i 'll take the lead and handle the physical threats . you watch the elapsed time and look for exits .
we can take the dunes down like a ski slope . pretend you 're on a snowboard .
i love you , alex . i never wanted to leave . you know that , don 't you ?
this is one of our newest projects . we 're trying to get rid of joy-sticks altogether ...
that 's it folks for the demon boat ride ... . everybody off . watch your hands and feet .
i 'll do the standard research and have them in by midnight , pending any unforseen problems .
there 's enough force to push you twenty feet in the air . it won 't kill you , but it will hurt .
if we can get to through the next room , we 'll be at a junction for a power grid .
give me one good reason why i don 't plug you right here , right now ?
the room has sound sensors . if you wake it up , it breathes fire .
issues ? ? ? this guy has the damn subscription to every psychotic issue i 've ever heard of .
never underestimate a man who cheats on his taxes . his file says he is an avid jogger .
thank you , sir . i was really hoping for shares , or possibly cash ... but this , this is really personal .
he has a phone pole sticking in his chest , i think we don 't need an autopsy .
okay , now go under go under it ! shoot vader 's tie fighter ! get him get him !
the roof is coming down ... . hey , you ... . which door gets us out of here ? ?
are you okay ? any holes ? i mean aside from the one 's that nature gave you ?
sweet jesus i never dreamed i 'd be glad to see central park at night .
i got a card from your uncle phil in los angeles today , said he went body surfing .
well if there was an article about it i 'm sure she did . she was always reading .
and i 'm gon na use the movies when i give my report . jeffrey says audiences love special effects .
i had to be , i only have five days . so just point me in the right direction and ... .
no , there 's no problem , dr. helburn just needs to have his oil changed .
then grammoo said on christmas eve , there was this sickening smell permeating the entire house .
i do enjoy playing bingo , if you 'd like to join me for a game tomorrow night at church you 're welcome to .
would you like to come in and see my house ? just for a minute .
i 'm tired of bingo , maybe we should try that drive in of yours .
you know this is gon na be my first 4th of july picnic in a long time .
hey , ouch , damn it ! ! vada , watch what you 're doing .
vada , something happened to thomas j last night , he stepped on a beehive .
and i 'm supposed to respect your fashion tips , because you 're what , a new yorker ?
no , no , the opposite . that 's my best friend , michael o'neal . he sounds desperate to talk .
whenever george tells someone how steadfast i am , he always makes me sound boring .
he 's not proposing marriage , there 's no way i 'm buying one word of th ...
jesus . you 're supposed to take your make-up off before you apply the m ...
how do you know you can touch that plug ? are you a licensed contractor ?
digger and george are with family in the hamptons until monday morning . brevity is even more in order than usual .
my heart 's in my throat , here . right off , i have to ask this monstrous favor ...
that 's why michael and i were the wrong fit . right from the start .
i 'm excited sports illustrated gave him this kind of shot , he 's only there a ye ...
it depends . if san antonio sweeps sacramento , we could start there . or phoenix . or depending on indiana- clevel ...
well , that 's great . you haven 't really had anybody since dingbat jennylee ...
michael , it 's wednesday night , you can 't possibly be getting married on su ...
well , the sox are at home . si 's letting me do a profile on the big hurt . that 's frank ...
i guess you 're right . that would be deceitful ... manipulative ... controlling ... emascula ...
last zoo we were in was ... beijing , yeah ? sure . the rhinos were fucking .
it 's weird being the groom . all these things kimmy has to take care of ...
i 've been thinking a lot the last couple days . about us , actually .
it 's no big deal , she just gave you the wrong keys that 's s ...
we could use ... his computer , to ... just e-mail those suckers right ou ...
listen up , huh ? even if you blow this deal , how big could it be ?
the fax is from ben , too . man , it 's my wedding , and my boss can 't leave me alone ...
should we take a walk ? or maybe some food sent up , or something ...
the kiss . may be hard . for you to explain . because the only fear she really has , is ...
it would only be , maybe , six months ? or three or four ? it would mean so much to him ...
fine . i 'm an insensitive , chauvinist asshole , and you 're well rid of m ...
i called connie and she said not to worry , she 'll fill in for you .
i appreciate your concern , but she has to rest , so you can go on home .
it 's an appearance . it has nothing to do with support . i don 't even like him .
i can only give you fifty a week here and ten bucks for the benefit .
that means his hands are considered a weapon like a gun or a knife . am i correct on that point ?
wait ! you can 't kill me . mickey and mallory always leave somebody alive to tell the tale .
i want two men stationed in that tier , and i want men with rifles all along the walkway .
roger , enough with the fucking donuts ! what did i tell you . stop bothering mickey , and get behind your nagra .
pleased to meet ya , jack . i read your book . i 'm impressed . good work on curtis fox .
well , let 's see now - not counting tonight ... must be about twenty-eight times .
she 's very striking , don 't you think ? are these glasses a fashion where she comes from ?
a little incestuous , but at least it 's original . who 's the guy in the halloween costume ?
that 's nice , but we can 't dodge this kind of heat for long .
then i 'm out . i don 't give a shit about you or this run .
take a look . son of a bitch won 't feel a thing until it 's too late .
i hope you can show more than you did when you let the yakuza butcher linda lee .
when they did my eyes , i made them promise i 'd still be able to cry . sounds stupid , doesn 't it ?
: because he 's guy perkins . listen , you want to walk to na- na 's and get something to eat ?
so what are your hopes , your dreams , what do you want to be ?
it 's romantic , what you 're doing , and they want to be a part of it .
now look . let 's focus . prom theme . we need a new idea .
okay . if you 've never kissed a guy , we got bigger problems than the underwear .
wait , rewind . do you really think she hooked-up with our rob ? they 're so -- different .
computer 's down . septuplets story . i need it back by five . hopefully the copy 's not a mess .
it 's my dad . he worries . hi , dad . i miss you too .
rob -- thanks . for everything . this is really happening . i never thought --
josie , finally . i just wanted to come over and make sure you 're okay .
the deadly nightshade you slipped me wore off , sally ... i thought i 'd find you here ... .
elm street ? you telling me you moved in to that big white house with the bars on the windows ?
`` rod 's been killed - he got rod . just glen and me now . can 't fall asleep ! ''
nancy went bonkers from this thing . you wouldn 't be afraid of being out on the beach with a potential lunatic ?
you 're not being fair to me . i 'm worried about you and i want to help you get through this thing .
you created him - you can destroy him . he lives off your fear . fight him , jesse !
he 's gone . it 's over . please don 't die , nancy . please .
fred krueger 's dead . you always had a little trouble understanding that , princess .
oh christ . simms put kristen in the quiet room for the night . they sedated her .
i 'm will stanton , and um ... i 've had a little accident , as you can see .
okay . so what does 'just over the street ' mean -- give it to me in yards .
you 'll have to prove it . this is a great brownie and i 'm going to fight for it . state your claim .
now stop . stop . i beg you -- calm down . have a cup of tea .
i hoped there might be -- but no , i 'm assured there aren 't .
really -- don 't do that -- i 'm sure this is not his job .
'horse and hound . ' the name 's william whacker . i think she might be expecting me .
wait a minute -- i 'm your brother and i don 't know anything about this .
imagine -- somewhere in the world there 's a man who 's allowed to kiss her .
what he 's going to say next is -- there are people starving in the sudan .
do you mind me not saying -- it 's a rather distressing disease and the name of the hospital rather gives it away .
no secrets , mister harding . let 's get it all out in the open ...
easy now , don 't smudge 'em , we got lots of games ahead of us ...
we do appreciate the way you have taken it upon yourself to meet the other patients .
well , say , how 'bout easin ' it down a bit so a man don 't have to shout !
miss ratched is a competent psychiatric nurse , not some , some kind of monster pecking out our eyes !
is that your sense of humor or are you tryin ' to say somethin ' ?
you need four houses on every lot of the same color , martini . now let 's go , for christsakes .
out . it 's the way out . so just keep it in your minds if ya ever wan na make use of it .
you just come on with that three fifty and martini will take care of himself ... your dice , scanlon .
okay , mack ! whoowe , candy girl , are we in an insane asylum or ain 't we ?
maybe i 'll just use that thick skull of yours as a batterin ' ram , sefelt .
the guy at the hotel told me he always wears a gold medallion , and usually has a book or magazine with him .
well , what about books ? you like hemingway ? you got ta love hemingway .
well , how about those old romantic movies with those great stars , huh ? like audrey hepburn .
i don 't know , i guess i never really thought about it ... is larry here ?
i can 't believe we did this . do i have to remind you that your wedding is in six days ?
just once more , so you 'll be sure to know what to look for .
i sort of wanted to wait to see if maybe he 'd notice me first ?
so what 's in a name ? i wan na join him . i don 't see why we can 't join him .
why do they read kids fairy tales in the first place ? children are very impressionable , you know .
i mean , realistically , what are the odds that this is a terrific guy ?
i wonder how long she 's goin ' to hang around , huh , terry ?
ahh , the curiousity of youth ... on the road to ruin ! may it ever be so adventurous !
i bet that 's all the hacks they send out . otherwise nobody 's left to mind the store .
wait a minute . let me have your raincoat . somebody forgot to bring me clean clothes .
i don 't know why , but every time he opens his mouth i want to punch him out .
you 're just jealous it was me in the trunk with her and not you .
think this old guy is her boyfriend ? it 's the only picture she carries .
so what 's that mean ? that you 're disappointed by what you found or you 're sorry you robbed all those banks ?
they want to go tonight , before glenn gets in any trouble , opens his big mouth .
you want , i tole you you can come . you all right , foley . i like you .
this doesn 't concern you , foley . why don 't you go on out to the yard , have yourself a smoke ?
why you 're just a girl . what do you do for a living you pack a shotgun ?
you don 't wan na be standing there , the hacks start asking questions you don 't wan na answer .
gentlemen . i think we 've calmed down now . haven 't we , jack ?
i can 't believe you 're still angry with me , jack , after all this time .
dumbfuck glenn was right , there 's about five million worth in there , wouldn 't you say , richard ?
you sure foley and his pal aren 't coming up here , do this themself ?
a'ight , this time we got ta get the motherfuckin ' trajectory right ... okay , on three : one ... two ...
in case no one knows what he does . tell me , ray , you ever wear one says , `` undercover '' ?
yeah , someone spotted two of 'em in this hobo camp out by the airport , called the number --
the woman also said he stole her husband 's gun , a twenty-two pistol , and some of his clothes .
i thought i 'd made it clear , i 'm not just putting this mission together -- i 'm leading it myself .
quite a bit more rain than usual this year . i hope it doesn 't spoil the rhubarb .
okay . but let 's have a girls night soon . maybe a pajama party .
hey terry , what is that ? did peggy make it up ? i 've never seen that on bandstand .
it was my idea , grandma . i always wondered what went on at those lodge meetings .
how come we 're your best friends and we had to find out about you and michael fitzsimmons from dolores ?
that 's all well and good , but we don 't have the money to manufacture them .
jack , take it easy . she gave blood at school today . maybe she 's just a little lightheaded .
i don 't need your charity . i don 't need your grandmother 's jewelry or your parents money -how could you do that ?
what happened to your hair ? you have such a pretty face . why are you always trying to cover it up ?
mom , sit down for a minute . this is so nice , all of us being together again like this .
i remember when you got that locket , too . you were so excited i think you showed it to the whole school .
okay , you 're not dead , but according to every law of science what you say happened to you is impossible .
hey ! do you have any idea how much those beakers cost ? i usually charge for hypnosis .
when i was young i thought cats were the girls and dogs were the boys .
you nervous ? new town , new school . i know it must be pretty hard for you ...
damn dog stuck his nose in on my rabbits and they ganged up on him . i swear that dog 's an idiot .
not that much appreciation . i thought we were gon na tone down that flabby ass .
i 've never had anyone die before ... ... but i guess you get over it . i mean , eventually ...
i almost didn 't make it to the bathroom , miguel . i almost lost control right in front of everybody .
that 's the third time . i better call the office . would you relax , please ?
you got that right , mikey ... you still believe that , don 't you ?
... meanwhile , i 'd like to prepare you for a colonoscopy , so we can take a look inside .
andy . before we begin , i 'd just like to say : everyone in this room is your friend .
you load the film ... ? no , on this side ... or this side ? don 't move the baby !
andrew brought aids into our offices , into our men 's room . he brought aids to our annual goddamn family picnic .
... to suit their personal desires , and the rest of us have to live with it .
liquid oxygen canisters inside . start ripping them out . quick hits only -- try to make it last .
i didn 't want you to leave me there ... back at the ship ... that 's why i didn 't say anything ... .
we 're just here to carry your light , aren 't we ? just the torch-bearers .
so where the hell 's god now , huh ? i 'll tell you where ! he 's up there pissing on me !
i hate to kill a beautiful theory with an ugly fact , but that sand-cat won 't run at night .
no juice , looks like it 's been laid up for years . but we might be able to adapt --
you said we were going to trust him now . you said there was a deal .
oh , lady . if you 're in your right mind , i pray you go insane .
well ... we must keep her close , then . here , she 'll be safe if we put her between --
for what ? there is no water . you understand that , don 't you ?
we got you ... it 's okay , it 's okay ... we got you now ... .
so just like that . wave your little wand and he 's one of us now .
amazing how you can do without the essentials of life -- so long as you have the luxuries .
cornelius , if you have a moment today , i 'd like to discuss this expedition of yours in more detail .
they can 't convict us of that . you proved our innocence . besides ... ... his culture is our culture .
'dodge was killed in the hunt . what happened to landon ? ' i don 't know .
we 'd better get started . if the mounted police pick up our trail , they 'll come this far at least .
objection . the accused is indeed a man . therefore , he has no rights under ape law .
he can reason ? with the tribunal 's permission , let me expose this hoax by direct examination .
that 's true , dr. zaius . my witnesses -- correction -- my exhibits are on display in the amphitheater .
yes , sir . the state charges doctors zira and cornelius with contempt of this tribunal , malicious mischief and scientific heresy .
they think you 're behaving foolishly . i must say i agree . where will you go ?
you destroyed his memory ! his mind ! his identity ! and , you want to do the same to me !
i 'm not acting ! i can talk ! how much proof do you want ?
cornelius and i have been indicted for heresy . unless we can prove our theories , we don 't stand a chance of acquittal .
go with god , taylor . that 's an old expression . it comes from both ape and man .
elias - you take your squad and i 'll take tex and francis from your squad . we move out in two-zero mikes .
we got boo-coo movement . 3rd battalion just got hit 15 kliks north of here .
don babytalk him man . cocksucker fell asleep . they walked right up on us , he don do shit .
then you jes gon na forget 'bout elias and all the good times we done had ? right in here .
betty , this is margo west . she wants to meet you . miss mayfield .
no . and i 've never fired a gun in my life , aren 't you supposed not to touch it ?
no more for me , thanks . remember what i said . i can 't interfere with the law .
i 'm getting positively haggard . in a couple of years people will be describing me as well preserved .
oh , the coldstream guards . don 't you take your hat off in elevators ?
you 'll have to take my word for it . we don 't make slides until we have perfect prints for comparison .
killaine , this is mr. mitchell , senior . young mitchell 's father . he just flew in from toronto .
hello . anyone for a walk ? tom isn 't , i can tell you .
three men dead . one of them a cop . how 's that sit in your gut , utah ?
look , harp . don 't turn him over to the uniforms like some punk . let me ride him in .
surgical . look at them separate the dye packs . dick and ronny know their jobs .
stop here . do you agree to do exactly what i say when i say it ?
i work bank robbery . guys i 'm after are surfers . i needed you , at first , but not --
she 's too valuable . she 's got to know their whole network . the whole set up . we take her with us .
he 'll be looking for the trip wires . if we 're lucky , he won 't see this .
put him in his poncho and liner and carry him back . we 'll bury him in the morning .
i 'm sorry , bull . it 's never easy . he was a good soldier .
vivian , i 've thought about this a lot . this is the best solution .
housekeeping . i come to turn down the bed . 5:00 , i turn down the bed .
i bet . a lousy whore and you 're the gum in a hundred million dollar deal .
farm boy . polish my horse 's saddle . i want to see my face shining in it by morning .
no ! i 'm okay . i 'm okay . -- sit down . all right ?
once we 're out of sight , take him back to florin and throw him in the pit of despair .
she 's been like that ever since the fire swamp . it 's my father 's failing health that 's upsetting her .
your princess is really a winning creature . a trifle simple , perhaps , but her appeal is undeniable .
who are you ? -- are we enemies ? why am i on this wall ? -- where 's buttercup ? --
hello . my name is inigo montoya . you killed my father . prepare to die .
true love . you heard him . you could not ask for a more noble cause than that .
look ! he 's right on top of us . i wonder if he is using the same wind we are using .
all right . get a hold of yourself . take a deep breath , let it out slowly and tell me who you are .
look at that . a white rolls royce . that 's it baby , when you got it , flaunt it .
what can i do ? what can i do ? you 're getting me hysterical .
well , i ... well , it 's just that ... i 'm sorry i called you fat , fat , fat .
now ve take the two fuse leads , attach them to the terminals of the conductor and ve 're in business .
somebody better tell me what 's going on and tell me fast ! i can take so much and then ...
aren 't you going to take the pills ? they 'll knock that headache out .
i 've only been here five . right now it feels like ten , but ...
we thought , if you didn 't mind , we 'd go out to the motel with you .
everyone concerned thought ... if they could get her to give back the money ... they could avoid involving her with the police .
he was out when i was there . if he 's back he probably isn 't even in bed yet .
no , no ! i won 't sign any pa- pers . you can 't make me --
i 'm detective jones . just dropped in to tell you a bit of news .
you are right . but before i can get him back here , you will have to help me .
why , certainly , sir . my fiance . charlotte , may i present mr. igor .
oh , please , mr. igor , i 'm terribly ashamed . i shouldn 't have put you to so much trouble .
listen , stupid , could i do anything that would possibly meet with your approval ?
nix , flo -- he won 't let you in and you 'll only get me in dutch .
please . i 'm sorry . i 'll see it through . what do you want me to do ?
i 'd be glad to , mr. igor . i think i 'll have somethin ' to tell you soon .
to isolation . to an armed camp . to a biblical spoof of a crazed father firing a gun at his only son .
i didn 't want to leave things the way we did . not this time .
he did lie , and ... and ... and mother , yesterday he stole money out of your pocketbook !
buddy , that was pretty snotty of you , pushing me away like that just when it was interesting .
well , if she 's got any sense at all , she 'll listen to that .
it isn 't the fourth dimension . to you it 's the fourth dimension , maybe , to me it 's simply the truth .
that sulky boy was here again this afternoon . i was almost scared , he wouldn 't go away .
well , it isn 't rose 's fault boys and men like her . you cant blame her for that , hon .
that 's a pretty stylish skirt , rose . the only thing i don 't understand is how did you ever get it on .
i 'm not cryin ' because of me , i 'm cryin ' because of somebody else .
i don 't like that , either , it 's worse than waski . i want to be called fran .
what are you talking about ? i don 't understand all this mumbo jumbo and the funny looks on your faces .
well , i think it 's charming , rose . but don 't you think ... ah , the skirt is a little tight ?
rose , you 're very sick . you 're burning up . rose , can you hear me ? rose ?
rose , you don 't look well and you haven 't eaten a bit of breakfast .
hasn 't he got enough problems , or didn 't you notice that 's not cream soda on his breath ?
what do you want ? i 'm clean . i been clean a long time .
oh , you fuckers ! you fucking fuckers ! what ? what do you want ?
all i got is being a cop . what do i do if i 'm not that ?
okay , we got ... one , two ... three ... two caddies and poe 's mustang .
who said it wa 's me , hub ? anyway ... he fell off a ladder . it wasn 't really my fault .
don 't talk like that . there 's plenty of women around for jerks like you .
your poison 's not gon na make it into the veins of any kids this time .
if they crash , maybe he 'll run . you can shoot him in the leg or something .
you put your bumper just behind his left tire and then accelerate ... make him spin out ...
if it is , that 's pretty high up on the totem pole . what do you think ?
this much powder you don 't throw in the trunk with a blanket over it . it 's got to be smuggled .
but you can 't let her get involved now , ben . vader will destroy her .
oh , no , my young jedi . you will find that it is you who are mistaken ... about a great many things .
right . chewie , let 's see what this piece of junk can do . ready , everybody ?
i don 't know . all i can see is a lot of blowing sand !
the main entrance to the control bunker 's on the far side of that landing platform . this isn 't gon na be easy .
in his belly , you will find a new definition of pain and suffering , as you are slowly digested over a thousand years .
lord vader , this is an unexpected pleasure . we 're honored by your presence .
luke , don 't talk that way . you have a power i -- i don 't understand and could never have .
i see . so this wasn 't simply a chance meeting . you came here with a purpose .
oh , brad . let 's go back . i 'm cold and i 'm frightened .
well . i don 't like men with ... er , with too many , muscles .
the master is not yet married . nor do i think he ever will be . we are simply his servants .
hey , how 's my buddy doin ' ? -- nice dog -- well , i 'll see ya later .
rocky , do you realize everybody in this country knows your face , and after the fight everybody in the world is going to .
man , i rearranged his face with that right -- the people love what 's happenin ' tonight .
he only had a hundred an ' thirty . -- i think he 's good for the rest next week , mr. gazzo .
tomorrow collect from del rio -- he 's late three weeks . how 'd you do last night ?
my problem is i come here to drink in peace . so if you don 't mind ...
yeah , eddie , it 's not like you got an ad in the yellow pages .
so you 're not even gon na bother to find out if the rabbit 's gettin ' framed ?
being caught breaking and entering is not very good advertising for a detective . what were you looking for , mr. valiant ?
marvin acme had no will . i should know , the probate is in my court .
i don 't think it 's gon na matter . sorry , pal , i tried .
last week some heavy breather wanted one of my nylons as a souvenir . maybe that 's what he was after ?
hello , mr. valiant . i rang the doorbell , but i guess you couldn 't hear it .
tell me you didn 't do a snoop job for a toon named roger the rabbit .
son-of-a-bitch ... mr. maroon , i think i 'll be goin ' now , so about the rest of my fee ...
either withdraw unto some private place , or reason coldly of your grievences , or else depart . here all eyes gaze on us .
this wind , you talk of , blows us from ourselves ; supper is done , and we shall come too late .
are you at leisure holy father , now ? or shall i come to you at evening mass ?
as the custom is , in all her best array , bear her to church .
o , she says nothing sir , but weeps and weeps , and then on romeo cries and then falls down again .
coordinate all you want , but make sure whatever you do gets cleared through me . are we in sync on this , vincent ?
and then sam , you and i clean up whatever 's left to be cleaned .
you go shoot me if you want , vincent , but you 'll be dead before i hit the ground .
then swede and i split with the package and meet you back at the rendezvous .
because if they had she 'd be gone along with the package , instead of sitting here with us .
not me . you work too often with the same people and you become friends -- clouds your judgement .
it 's a cocktail . mostly demerol , cut with a little crank because we might need you awake in the real near future .
what are you gon na do , call him up and ask him to give us back our shit ?
i don 't particularly like killing , tubby , but i want you to know that this one i 'm going to enjoy .
you 're a cop ... you 're a fucking cop ... i should kill you .
last i heard there was a film rep for the irish players staying at this address , name of seamus reilly .
i 'd like to know what they were doing in my town ! did you get id off any of them ?
all right hold on ! lem me think ... shit , did you touch the car ?
we 'll leave a few packets in the trunk , and stash the rest somewhere else . car went up in the gunfight .
i don 't know ! son of a bitch ! who the hell are you ?
how long you been lying there playing possum with us , huh ? answer me !
i 'm not letting some gangbanger send me to jail . we can 't risk it .
how long you been lying there playing possum with us , huh ? answer me !
i was beginning to think you weren 't going to show . that can 't be all of it .
well , not that i wouldn 't sugar bun but earl 's in a bind . they 're going to take his car .
well we 'd like to help you in any way we can . we 're all in this together , as law enforcement officers .
some of it . denning only handled a small portion of the total , but it looks like this was one of his bills .
nice of you to join us . i did say three o'clock , didn 't i ?
hey we 're all friends , right ? friends don 't squeal on friends , that 's not what jesse segundo is all about .
easy to purchase , hard to detect . too much potassium can kill a man . just have to ... pick a discreet spot .
i knew it . the guy 's name is zing . he works at the kitchen at reign plaza .
let 's go . i 've got girls and chicken and hot oil waiting for me .
do you have it in you , lee ? or are you gon na spend the rest of your life hiding like your father ?
and that 's how you use the lapd choke hold . now start practicing and don 't make me come back here !
five years ago , my father was chief inspector working a big international smuggling case .
lee , wait a second . it 's not worth it , man . he 's making you do this .
your father 's badge ? no way , man . i can 't take this .
alright , listen , no bullshit just tell me straight : did you really know the guy you were chasin ' ?
no , it is china , my country , my history . if any of it gets damaged ...
yeah ... beautiful . what would you call that paper there ? kind of a ... robin egg blue color ?
last night 's as much my fault as yours . if he 's gon na put the blame on anybody --
what do you mean you lost him ? ! how could you lose him ? !
tell me , why does maggie need another wedding rehearsal and two days before the wedding ? she 's already done this .
is that what i did to you ? is that what happened ? did i just not see you ?
well , i 'm off . a reporter 's work is never done . mrs. pressman , thank you .
hello . i 'm looking for maggie carpenter . there was a sign at the hardware store across the street ...
well , instead of a haircut , how about a wash ? you know , get all that city grit out of it .
i 'm not here to make you feel bad . i 'm here for vindication . in my heart ...
grandma made me the cutest outfit . i can 't wait to show it to you .
you misinterpret everything . we 've all been friends our whole lives . but that 's the types of relationship you wouldn 't understand .
it 's a little `` silence of the lambs '' for me . i can 't believe you waited for the wedding to run .
even with everything that 's happened i 've still never been married and i still deserve a beautiful dress .
tell me . when you get to the altar , will you spike the bouquet ?
i 've been making friends with your cat . is it okay that i 'm here ?
livid is good . so what is it , maggie ? you here on business ? i saw your lamps . they 're terrific .
you actually could make breaking and entering into a new career . so , what are you doing here ?
you 're right . it 's not funny now . maybe we both grew up .
how about ... you 're too narcissistic to commit to another human being in a long- term way .
don 't touch them . i feel terrible sneezing at a time like this . this is a big moment for me --
`` on top of the empire state building at sunset on valentine 's day . ''
this is a complete disaster . i wanted him to find a wife , but he 's got the wrong one --
oh god , it 's major . he 's kissing her on the lips . i have to stop this .
i 'm not mad at you . okay , i 'm not mad at you .
do you think there 's somebody out there you could love as much as your wife ? maybe even more ?
they met at the empire state building , only they didn 't . never mind .
i can hear you walking around sometimes . at first i thought it was a robber . go ahead , tell her , dad .
are you going to let us pass -- or do i have to call the sheriff ?
jenkins ain 't no boss . mean we 're gon na let people like jenkins stay here ?
now wait a minute . super 's the one made the rule . he ain 't gon na give you no helper .
it 's all set . consuelo 's squad can take they day off tomorrow . we 're taking over .
so they had a little taste of what its like to be a woman ... and they run away .
we 're only one payment behind . i argued with her . it isn 't right .
but you had to have it , didn 't you ? it was so nice to listen
did you have to sign a pledge ? not to go back to the line ?
boy ! did you see the way mama whopped that deputy with her shoe ? knocked the gun right out ...
no , i don 't mind . that 's how come i told you about it .
look ... i 'd like to help you out ... but i really don 't want to get involved .
it 's not that easy . i just got a raise . i need the money .
i 'm getting a 10 % finder 's fee from my man if i can get the right price .
wait if you don 't trust me , why did you tell me that stuff about not using drugs ?
i don 't know ... a little . i wish you would have let me in on it from the beginning .
wouldn 't be a favor if you were paying me . i 'll just take my five when the deal is done .
pooh-bear . come on , man . what is this ? it 's me , danny . i thought we had a deal .
fuck you , garcetti . i been at this for almost a year . i 've done everything you guys have asked of me .
you know , i 'm starting to think i 'd rather take my chances with domingo than go through any more of this shit .
she 's 57 and she 's been teaching third grade for the last 33 years .
just make sure you hit the floor when we come in . it could get ugly in there .
did you see what he did , back there ? he stepped right into the open , so i could get across .
reiben , how many time i got to tell you , i 'm from tennessee .
i know about bracketing . i read about it . the next one is going to land right on us .
captain , if your mother saw you do that , she 'd be very upset !
he 's right , captain , it might be kind of dangerous for those flyboys .
no , but if i get any worse , you 'll have to relieve me .
reiben , i don 't know what i 'd do without you . sarge , keep ryan close to you and alive .
sir , what if they send some other company into caen ahead of us while we 're pinned down here ?
there 's a war on , good chance they 're not still making lingerie in caen .
looks like they 've been having a hell of a party , here , captain .
leave him to me , captain , i 'll have him pissing and moaning with the best of us .
hell , i don 't mind this mission , sir , as long as there 's something up at ramelle for ...
i don 't know , i kind of like wade 's idea about the cruise ship . i 've never been to tahiti .
sounds great to me , i 'm going to call her , that 's what 's cool about her .
hey , i know this is a strange thing to say , but maybe diane court really likes lloyd .
well , it 's almost over . we 've gone to school together for three years ... i might cut that part out .
don 't do this to me . you 're too good at making me nervous .
why don 't i just get your phone number , that 's usually how it works .
you know , they told me you were going to be trouble - czurda and scherner .
it 's true . never happen in cracow , though , we all love you too much .
i want to thank you , sir , for giving me the opportunity to work .
he doesn 't deserve your loyalty . more important , he 's not worth you making threats against us .
there 's a rumor you 've been going around miscalibrating the machines . i don 't think that 's a good idea .
we don 't know if it 's random . we haven 't been able to connect the victims .
tina , it 's dawnie . i 'm on my way . cici follows her back into the living room .
its perfect , sidney . no one will ever suspect me . i have proof . im the victim .
i couldnt believe you didnt recognize me . you even interviewed me for your book .
where have you been ' ? you missed my shining moment . i won the macaroni sundae binge .
i 'm sorry . i don 't know what else to say except i 'm sorry .
hey , i got stuff to do . but i 'll find you later , okay .
oh , sid , youre sounding desparate . i guess fearing death makes one anxious .
now why does she have to be naked ? how does that serve the plot ?
listen , i 'm busy . nobody has access to those files except studio execs . can you please go away now ?
boys , boys , why don 't we compare our gun calibers later ? the issue is maureen prescott !
the killer leaves a newspaper clipping at each murder , sidney . recently he 's also left a photo of your mother .
mr. rielly ? my name is mark kincaid . i 'm with the l.a.p.d . are you aware of last night 's events ?
that 's fine mr. rielly , but if anyone else should die , i 'm going to have to get a warrant .
i was afraid they were bait , something to , ya know , trick you out of hiding .
alright sid , over there is the stab 3 production offices . that 's where sarah darling was murdered last night .
paternity test results . christ dewey , you 're never going to believe who milton 's kid is .
gale , i know this is a bad time and all but what if we try it out again . the whole relationship thing .
i think we should go inside . i have to have a talk with the cast . all of you .
oh my god karen you scared the shit out of me ! what are you doing here ?
tell that to cotton weary . you wouldn 't believe how easy it was to frame him .
that 's it , billy . i can 't take any more . i 'm feeling woozy .
i 'm gon na rip you up bitch . just like your slut whore mother .
look , enough is enough . you had your fun now you better leave me alone or else .
my boyfriend will be here any second and he 'll be pissed when i tell him ...
what did mama tell you ? when i wear this badge you treat me like a man of the law .
you gon na be able to come down to the station and talk to us a bit ?
jesus christ ! an innocent man on death row . a killer still on the loose . kenny , tell me i 'm dreaming .
it 's okay , tatum . she 's just doing her job . right , gale ?
why would sidney want to be with steve ? she has her own bubble-butt boyfriend billy .
the fog , terror train , prom night -- how come jamie lee curtis is in all these movies ?
we could be like two grief stricken students and we 'll say really nice things about our good friends who were slaughtered senselessly .
i wan na see jamie lee 's breasts . when do we see jamie lee 's breasts ?
just relax . you 're at school now . no one can get you here .
hey , sid . just think if they make a movie about you . who 's gon na play you ?
there 's that sense of humor . i knew it still existed . ohh , sid , let 's have some fun tonight .
you know if i were accused of carving up two people , i 'd take the opportunity to skip school .
they 're hoping you stop and say goodbye before you go , but i told them not to expect it .
i guess ... decide for yourself . i don 't know what it says . i 'm going to go .
i wish i could have been a normal man like you . i wish i could have a simple life .
just , honestly ... have you ever seen anything like this ... been involved in anything like this ?
by telling you this , i 'm trusting you more than i trust most people .
if john doe 's head splits open and a u.f.o . flies out , i want you to have expected it .
oh , tracy ... i have to tell you , i 'm not the one to talk to about this .
it was ethan found you squallin ' in a sage clump after your folks was massacred ...
killed every one -- an ' not for food either ... why 'd they do a thing like that ?
evenin ' ... evenin ' reverend ... or do i call you 'captain ' ... ?
now son , it 's a bitter thing to say , but there 's more than your sister at stake here .
steady , daniel boone ! you don 't want to miss ... it makes them think their medicine 's stronger than yours ...
my name 's edwards ... i 'm looking for my niece ... she was in that camp when you attacked ...
not quite ... quarter cherokee . the rest is welsh ... so they tell me .
what i heard back there was that a band o ' hostile nawyeckas came through this way less'n two weeks ago ...
that 's the way to train 'em . looks like mrs. pauley 's goin ' to make you a fine beautiful wife ...
says her name 's wild goose flying in the night sky ... but she 'll answer to look since it pleases ya ...
wait ! we go chargin ' in , they 'll kill her ... and you know it .
i saw it ... and don 't try to tell me it was aunt martha 's or lucy 's ...
don 't cry , laurie ... i understand how it is ... i 'll just go 'way ...
oh , the muse ... we 're still having our differences . you know how it is with women .
hey , flower child , the sixties are over . and this stuff is hazardous to your health .
hey , you 're still here . i suppose you like it here with us .
but that 's not the point ! what if all these things are somehow connected ?
you know what i have to do now , and believe me : i don 't enjoy doing this .
i told you , there is no way out . he won 't let you go .
oh , ellen ! i 've been wondering when you 'd come . why don 't you step in .
stop scaring people . let 's go . we need to be on our way .
here is two sovereigns -- i 'll give you two more when you show me the pages .
i want no more trouble , mr. fennyman . as i explained to you , the theatre business
i like it when they cut heads off . and the daughter mutilated with knives .
i meanyour majesty , they do not , they have not , but i believe there is one who can
oh ! -- it 's -- it 's -- oh , it 's a house of ill- repute !
listen , it 's important . we need to talk about what we 're going to do --
good luck . i love that guy , but why does he have to follow us around ?
when you slaughter a goat and wrench its heart out with your bare hands , do you then summon hellfire ?
when you get up in the morning , how do you decide what shade of black to wear ?
and when did anyone last say to you these exact words : you are the sunshine of my life ' ?
has he tried down the back of the fridge ? i mean , that 's where i normally find things .
you know , you should spend some of that money instead of worrying about it . that 's my advice .
of course , but i think you 'll find the print medium provides a more lucid and detailed --
look , it 's a fairly straightforward question . you 're either divorced or you 're not .
now , baby ... if i told you about her ... then you couldn 't count on me not telling anymore ... could you ?
he just completely ignores me . he could have at least said something , introduced me or something .
i don 't know . i can 't remember . it was just in my dream .
-- maybe you could , on your way , you know , pick up jackie here .
maybe he ought to go to beauty school . anyway , see you tonight , doll , okay ?
oh , johnny , mr. karpf needed a ride home and i said we 'd take him . do you mind ?
-- listen , i wonder if you kids could give me a ride ? i 'm kind of stranded here .
make sure you come right back , 'cause i 'm going to make lunch soon . okay ?
no need to rub it in , mr. grady . i 'll deal with that situation as soon as i get out of here .
i 'm the kind of man likes to know who 's buying their drinks , lloyd .
it 's really pretty outside . how about taking me for a walk after you 've finished your breakfast ?
well , something 'll come . it 's just a matter of settling back into the habit of writing every day .
this is the staff wing of the hotel . none of the other bedrooms are heated during the winter .
as a matter of fact we eh ... brought a decorator in from chicago just last year to refurbish this part of the hotel .
would you kids mind telling me how this guy lowe became a werewolf to begin with ?
did he really get his head cut off , dad ? that 's what brady said .
now i said i had something for you , as i believe you will recall .
after marty called me with his latest thrilling tale of wonder , i did . he 's had no poison-pen complaints lodged at all .
mr. haller said he 'd check him out , and guess what ? no one sees him again !
remember , al ... we 'll be at the ritz-carlton in boston tomorrow night ! or at the funeral parlor . it 's stickney and-
and don 't open the door for any trick or treaters even if they come !
right here . let the others go -- they have nothing to do with this .
i was good to you ! you re nothing but no-talent garbage ! you 're a two-bit tramp !
isn 't it a glorious morning ? good morning , mary clarence . sleep well ?
of course . i 'm a nun . four popes now . the lord hates a loafer .
hey -- you re supposed to be the cheerful one . why do i suddenly feel like snow white ?
i can 't wait to tell reverend mother about all my experiences . i 've learned so much .
we 're the sisters of the sacred heart we do our bit , now do your part
it 's contraband . don 't ask . but i wanted to give you a treat . a sort of ... thank-you gift .
the council of cardinals ! i 'm so nervous ! what if i forget the words ?
okay , here 's what i want . i know about this stuff . a five-star hotel . with room service .
do you hear that ? that choir ? eddie , in here , that 's what they call music !
so that guy in the bar was right ? she 's like ... some kind of nun ?
she told us about one . the little sisters of the moonlight . in las vegas .
well , i don 't care who she is . we can 't sing without her !
for poaching . or , would you remake our laws now that magistrate philipse has given up the ghost ?
well , constable ... are you aware ... to be honest , you are not what we expected . we sent for the militia .
... found the body this morning . you do believe now , don 't you ?
follow the indian trail to where the sun dies . to the tree of the dead . maybe we passed it by .
she 's the one who controlled the horseman , isn 't she , sir ? sir ?
won 't you change your mind , sir ? what can i say to convince you ?
allow me some time . i have spent every hour in the company of others . i need to be alone .
i can go . you don 't have to . you don 't never go .
what in the goddamn hell are you doin ' ? it 's the middle of the night .
we 'll go to church and get you baptized , tomorrow 's sunday . you go on back to bed .
last time you got mad and run morris and them off and said to stay away from here .
i 'd better go on home now , it 's late . i have to work tomorrow .
are you sure you can drive ? you 've really had a lot of alcohol .
i sure like the way he talks . it sounds like a race car motor idlin ' . it makes me not be nervous .
these is the worst shoes i own for walkin ' . how far did you want to go ?
that grass out in the yard 's all growed up . i figured i might cut it fer ye .
karl , why don 't you and melinda go take a walk . it 's nice out .
frank , don 't talk that way . who 's that strange lookin ' man behind you ? did he follow you in here ?
it 's coming along . at the rate he 's going , he 'll have a story finished by the end of the summer .
seven eighty-five out of twenty . take care of yourself now , and don 't do anything i wouldn 't do .
it 's not a long drive . an hour , an hour and a half . we 'll be back in time for dinner .
i have to pee . if the waiter comes , order me a corned beef on rye and a ginger ale , okay ?
i 'll be back in about an hour . watch the register while i 'm gone , okay ?
come on , come on , you yellow belly . the whole thing . first name and last name .
here we are . rembrandt 's drawings . edward hopper . van gogh 's letters .
like it or not , cyrus , that 's my name . cole . just like yours .
seven acres . i 'm wonderin ' what you 'd pay for 'em . just curious , is all .
now defendant 's father had also died by that point . where was the defendant ? when you sent his family their equity .
and when he came home . did he write you about this ? or phone , perhaps .
thank you , mr. gillanders . thank you for coming down , in this cold weather .
my father can 't get our money from the bank . we have a few dol ...
we all expect the world to be fair . as if we have some right t ...
your father fought at belleau wood , it took him years to get over it . nightmares , tears , b ...
so , no ... immediate suspicion , no ... general talk of enmity between the two .
... so when the sheriff returned , you showed him the injury to the deceased 's head .
you 're a hard man to trust , sir . you sit before us , with no expression , keeping a poker f ...
and since you confess this is all pure guesswork . what is your expertise , sir , are you a detective of sorts ?
your line of work . you must meet a lot of men play fast and loose with the truth .
bet there 's a few things you could teach me . kendo , for one .
so every time you think about showing that jury strength . or honor or composure . or dignity .
so this ... foam you found in the lungs . how does it get there ?
hi , mary lou - rosella - okay , dolores , get a move on - how 's your back , olga ?
it 's a hundred miles , joe - it 's snowing - how are we going to get there ?
we could 've had three weeks in florida - all expenses paid . lying around in the sun - palm trees - frying fish ...
male and female - the moth and the flame - i ought to slug you !
i feel like such a tramp - taking jewelry from a man under false pretenses .
i don 't know about the captain - but the navigator is getting his tail out of here .
oh , please do come . don 't disappoint us . it 'll be such fun . and bring your yacht .
i thought i heard voices - and i just had to talk to somebody . i don 't feel like going to sleep .
i don 't mean to be forward - but ain 't i had the pleasure of meeting you two broads before ?
now look , nellie - if it 's about last saturday night - i can explain everything .
i got a funny sensation in my toes - like somebody was barbecuing them over a slow flame .
haven 't you got another pew - not so close to the band ? how about that one ?
look , chief - i better blow now , because if spats colombo sees me , it 's goodbye charlie .
too bad , charlie . you would have had three eights . goodbye , charlie !
god , kat ! please . dont be nice to me . i can take anything right now but you being nice to me .
you know all that if these walls could talk stuff ? do you believe it ? that a place has a memory ?
she blames tony pee-pants pinterello for everything . the fall of the british empire , the cold war , the internet .
just because some slags been paid for , doesnt mean youve got to ... you know .
i think i love you , mate . how do you know so much about so much ?
you know , they say you can tell everything you need to know about a person from the way they act when theyre naked .
not the way youre thinking . the women wanted me there for support . you can understand that .
i love that youre asking questions , but do you really want to get into all of this ?
thats not true . we checked for leaks a few years back . good morning .
shes drunk . -er than me . but i didnt really dump you , did i ?
hey , sigmund , you think you could rustle up the bride and tell her to join the party ?
he beat you , too , daddy , and you had a big ol ' shootin ' rifle .
daddy , you home now ... that 's all i want -- i don 't want nothin ' else ...
i 'm real proud of how you helped your mama to keep this place goin ' , david lee .
i love you , son ! don 't ever think i don 't love you ! we gon ' get to be friends ?
david , you never cease to amaze me at how good you are in taking care of my garden .
i guess i 'll havta work harder to git him back like he usta be .
mama ! mama ! miss boatwright , say she gon ' help me find where daddy is !
i wish you wouldn 't take the dog with you , david -- he 's likely to be a burden to you .
this is for your mama 's work , and here 's something for the three of you .
if they heard me sing like this up north i 'd be richer than the man i sharecrop for .
dammit , i 'm talkin ' to you , woman ! i got ta farm to think about and i need answers .
if there ever was a devil in this county , ike , you is it !
oh , son of a bitch ! aaghgh ! ! i mean , son of a biscuit !
dude , this is seriously lame . i didn 't know we were gon na get all dirty and stuff .
i can 't dude ! we all took a sacred oath , and swore ourselves to secrecy !
oops , i guess you haven 't got that far in your anatomy class , huh ?
we 're going ! we started la resistance to save terrance and phillip ! we 're going !
terrance and phillip , you are under arrest for working in america without the proper documents ! we got you !
dude , anybody who doesn 't think terrance and phillip is funny can fuck off anyways .
hey , cartman , did they put that v-chip in your head or your ass ?
where are you going ? ! we need to stop the not pretty things from letting our children be born in hospitals !
well , fuck my ass and call me a bitch , i just got a letter !
ha ha ha ! you burned yourself to death by lighting the fart ! ha ha ha ! !
phillip , this is worse than that trip to quebec city when i fell asleep in that disco .
oh , a new recruit , huh ? welcome to hell , kid ! relax ! take a load off ! !
well of course he wants out of hell ! the whole point of hell is that you don 't want to be here !
no , saddam . you made a deal . you can 't just renege on a deal . that 's lying .
will you two please stop it ! i don 't want to spend my final hours listening to you bitch !
no , i think hygiene is important . it helps you get into the part .
man , i 'm hungry . i 'm going to call the steward , you want anything ? .
it 's still not going to work ! they 'll detect you upon re-entry in an emergency vessel !
you 're not helping my heart condition any , barnes ! now just what the hell are you dragging your ass for ?
well , more power to you . me , i start to bug out after too much time out here .
we could send mac . if he can retrieve one suit , we could go back for the other .
a little dab 'll do ya . now you know how to get there , right ?
i would , but no one can perform the ceremony . i guess it doesn 't matter .
right now it 's about 8 o'clock at home . people are going to work , kids are going to school ...
yes mac , but the guests are requesting it . it will reduce the level of negative feedback .
look . we 're talking about life and death here . i don 't know why we 're even having this conversation .
again with the orders from you ! you got a napoleon complex chief , and i 'm getting sick of it !
mac , what about the suit compartments on this level ? can they be accessed ?
hey , cut it out sid , that tickles . i 'm serious ! you guys are related , right ?
your pop said to put these on his tab . sid gets up and jerks his thumb towards the door .
hello mr. kastle . junior , long time . i thought they locked you up and threw away the warden !
buzz burger , side of 'cues . you haven 't introduced me to your fan .
oh sure . let everyone in . from now on i leave the door wide open . let the parade begin !
that 's some pinfall . almost a 133 average . her ball 's flat , she needs to work on her spin control .
you already have a partner mr. kastle . sheila walks over as the sleazeballs ' car pulls out of the driveway .
here theo , it 's the fazeli specialty ; a seven-ten split . theo looks down the lane and sees the two pins standing .
say something , theo . give me something . a doll 's legs catch fire . theo stares into sheila 's eyes .
i am not leaving without him . do you hear me ? we come down as a team , we leave as a team .
are you enjoying yourself , harry , because i don 't know what the hell you 're doing .
not now , beth . please . i want to know who we 're talking to before we start talking . where 's edmunds ?
can i stay , sir ? i 'm willing to risk it . i am . after what we just witnessed .
these aren 't half bad , fletcher . you might have a second career coming .
it 's just like swimming , norman ... you know how to swim , don 't you ?
alot like . you know , i noticed it before , but i didn 't ...
an american spacecraft ? half a mile long ? and buried 400 years ? yeah , good theory , harry .
looks like a design , some writing , maybe . maybe it was sent to meet the spacecraft with a message .
if it is a message , it 's probably a substitution code . i 'll work on it .
you want to put him on your couch , norman . grill him about his childhood ?
frankly , ted , i 'd be much happier if jerry was just a cold , emotionless intellect .
you think jerry has something to do with what killed edmunds ? with what 's out there ?
jerry isn 't hostile , norman . he said earlier -- we were his friends --
i 'm han solo , captain of this vessel . who 's in charge then ?
you 're general kenobi ? ! ? the jedi knight ! the commander of the white legions ?
we don 't have that kind of money . how much do you think i can get for the speeder ?
this is the last place . shouldn 't we just take what we can get and think of something else ?
see , once you let yourself go you can do it . you 'll get it .
i don 't see how we 're going to find anything out here . this terrain is hopeless .
we must hurry to the base . we have little time before the death star arrives .
you got yourself a ship . we can leave as soon as you 're ready .
maybe you should just drop us off . i 'm sure we can find someone willing to take the risk .
between his howling and your blasting everything in sight , the entire city is going to know we 're here .
it 's only light that doesn 't affect it . solid things , like rocks , can hurt it ! fire above him !
you 're a good pilot ... i 've learned a lot from you ... i wish you ...
i noticed you were having some problems , blue five ... i thought i 'd help .
there 's a lot of carbon scoring here . it looks like you boys have seen a lot of action ...
let him have it . you 're winning anyway . it doesn 't make any difference .
mr. barcalow , save power , don 't waste it on workers ... ace , tell aardvark we 're on our way ...
it 's amazing , us running into each other like this . maybe it 's fate .
let 's disregaed rank ... everybody hear that ? rank is not an issue here .
let 's all make a vow . let 's swear we 'll always be friends no matter what .
this is rodger young , we 're going down ... repeat , this is rodger young , we 're going down ... !
steady as she goes , number one . prepare for warp . number two , design for jupiter orbit .
why did you go and do that ? he was all ready to go zegema beach !
have you lost you lost your mind ? i 'd rather take ten lashes in public square than see you ruin your life .
wait a minute ! carl is doing his federal and he isn 't inferior . he 's the smartest kid at school !
well , it 's just good to hear from you . what 's up , son ?
we must be right over the colony . let 's get some air support , eh ?
i don 't understand it , lieutenant . it 's not getting anything from 4th brigade ... not even their transponder .
gillespie , put in call for retrieval . we 're off this rock . gillespie , do you read me ?
wait you two . dad and i have a surprise for you that will settle this . can you guess what it is ?
we 're outa here . lieutenant , get your men into the skimmers . this real estate 's about to go buggy .
rico , tell'em to glass this goddam planet . i 've never seen so many bugs upstairs at the same time ...
this is my farm . get on the boat , now ! that 's an order , sergeant .
captain , we 've seen what their weapons can do . shouldn 't we take every possible precaution -- ?
why bring us inside ? not to destroy us ; they could have done that outside .
mr. decker ... i will contact you every five minutes . otherwise ... inform mr. scott immediately .
admiral , the enterprise has just finished eighteen months redesign- ing and refitting . she needs testing , a shakedown ...
the 'puzzlement ' i sensed was fleeting ... minor ... ... as if carrying a sense of our insignificance , captain .
we are obviously confronted by a highly advanced mentality ... yet they can not understand who we are , or what we want .
we can not break free , captain . we do not have a fraction of the power necessary .
these read as identical composition ... ... however , captain , they measure several hundred times more powerful !
has not , doctor -- and now , because of what we are planning ... will not ...
marty , it 's howie gold on the coast , he needs your confirmation on a request for money ... ?
she was in the car with bob barrenger last night . and she was injured coming home from a love tryst , so ...
she doesn 't show her tits ! ! ! she doesn 't show her tits . the breasts symbolize motherhood , the audience ...
yes ? hello , mr. mayor . nothing , just an , an unfortunate ... it 's the mayor , he 's saying ...
& quot ; those who travel far and near this will make you disappear ! & quot ;
lord nelson , napoleon 's troops . i fear for the women and the property values .
daddy was washing rachel . in the shower . what did you think that was about ?
keep ben 's for awhile , okay ? until he 's old enough to not open them all at once .
& quot ; goodnight moon , goodnight hush , goodnight mush , goodnight goodnight goodnight gracie -- goodnight ben !
why does rachel wear daddy 's underpants ? doesn 't she have underpants of her own ?
you 'll be up to your armpits in meatballs , i 'm flying them in from sweden .
not a lot , sweetie . it 's a country . like canada . only smaller .
grammy had a different kind . there are lots of kinds . hers was very bad .
i 've got a lot of medicine in me , sweetie . and i 'm a little wobbly for driving or running ar ...
i have to get dressed . my ex-husband has asked me to dinner . god knows why , he was very mysteri ...
why would his worry ? or my children 's worry . or anyone 's worry . help the sit ...
congratulations . only forty minutes late . you 're handling this promotion really well rachel .
i 've got it . it 's in the can , cooper can wrap th ...
i grew up , a little . i 'm ready for a life that 's built around commitm ...
you 're still going to have to be dealing with me -- with us . we should tell them together .
i had a lot of treatments , and they weren 't any fun , but the tests show the cancer got smaller .
i have an appointment this after- noon . i need someone to take them to the park .
then let him talks to me . we don 't need you to solve our prob ...
i 'm thinking . do i know you well enough to really chew you out ?
she was beaten , and bloodied , and it was going to go on , uni ...
you know , there 's nothing you have to say . because they know your heart . you don 't have t ...
' ... i don 't know if i can make it . ' that 's what i said . but i didn 't leave .
mom , it 's not fair if brady can say the f-word and i can 't .
i 'm sorry . i didn 't mean , i just didn 't expect to run into you here , that 's all .
oh , my god , scooby ! i 'm so sorry ... i 'm so , so sorry ...
you 're a lot like my father , cooper ... you think with your heart .
what about rule one : never let the person you are protecting out of your sight !
you understand that they 're watching our every move right now -- you think you 're just going to sail away ?
have you broken it yet ? we 've got six more heads and that means six more hours .
excuse me , mister president , but you forgot to give me my camera back .
okay , fella . but just move slow and don 't do anything that might surprise me .
i didn 't say anything . what 's the meaning of disturbing me at this hour , colonel ?
just a second , sir . he 's got films of the war room in that thing !
but then , sir , why have you issued the order : wing attack , plan-r ?
general , now that you 've done that , i beg you to recall the wing .
you 've lied to me twice - i 'm sorry , but it will be strictly routine . these men are experts .
i 'm sorry , major kong . i guess i was way out of line .
missiles ! sixty miles off , heading in fast . steady track , they look like beam riders .
shouldn 't be bad . might even help . but my guess is we 're going to have to paddle our way back .
i thought i should check out the damage first . my gear is busted up pretty bad .
we 're on course , major . just fixed our position on that river back there .
so , do you guys want to do something , go someplace or something like that ?
they are old , we are young , they are fast , we are fun .
pakeesa ? it 's okay . come on . it 's okay . come on , they 're just joking around .
yeah , well , uh , you 're not so smart , chief , 'cause i 'm moving out to l.a .
i don 't care . i 'm gon na drop it . i 'm gon na drop it . i 'm ...
hey , i 'm glad you put truth in your song , man . that 's important .
yeah . yeah . yeah , yeah , it 's , you know , it 's a bed and hot water .
if it 's all so fucking futile , what the fuck are you so fucking upset about , fuckhead ?
i ate a dog when i was in thailand . tasted exactly like this sparerib .
hey , w-why don 't you see if he 's hiring , you know ? get an application ?
so , um , pony , where are you staying ? are you staying at your mother 's house ?
you know , that is my worst fear . making a sound and no one hears it .
buff is funny , okay ? she likes buff , so why don 't you whip shut the feminist hole .
forget about new york , jeff . i don 't want to talk about new york anymore .
okay , even with all our savings , it 's still only six hundred fifty-four .
i never knew you dreamed of working in a grocery store bank branch . baby , we are living the great american dream !
if you reach for the stars , you 're bound to get -- mm-jack , pull over .
no ! wait ... um ... we 're the a-squad from lincoln high ? so , uh ...
look , maybe i can watch a pg movie ... i 'll just say i 'm counting dirty words for sunday school .
... my sunday school teacher says that in prison , women shove broom sticks up your ...
oh well , then i 'll put some cookies at the top of the stairs for you gals .
oh please , we 've all got bright futures ahead of us - we 're not going to tell anyone . promise !
yeah . this summer at church camp ? i 'm pretty sure i had , y'know , an orgasm .
grandma and grandpa sent you pictures of a neighbor girl . they didn 't want you to break out and come kidnap me .
wait a minute . this is the woman i love . what 's going on ? who was loaded ?
carefull those are dirty words ! you sound like a bunch of new york critics . thank you , miss schaefer .
last time i saw you was someplace very gay . i remember waving to you . i was dancing on a table .
how much will it be ? i warn you - don 't give me a fancy price just because i 'm rich .
the wind gets in that blasted pipe organ . i ought to have it taken out .
i just put my car in the garage . i had a blow-out . i thought --
if you will pardon me , madame . the shadow over the left eye is not quite balanced .
i 'm an artist , alura . my work comes first . other people come second .
bianca , try not to be so bloodthirsty when you 're at the wheel . ok ?
you sure are a good cook , selena . man , that looks too pretty to eat .
i believe there 's a rational explanation for everything . but i don 't know what it is .
bianca 's taught me all ! need to know . i 'll be safe , as long as i don 't go too far .
hiya , sweet thing . little guy 's getting ' hassled , huh ? kent , you still here ?
say , brad . i think he 'll be better off doing it his way .
gee , i haven 't laughed like that since -- since -- i really can 't remember when .
mr. white , please , i promised those people i 'd get back to them by this morning . what do you think ?
hi . mister kent . guess who mom 's having dinner with tonight ? superman !
it 's practically an american ritual , mr. white ! isn 't that so , jimmy ?
you 've been a naughty boy haven 't you ? c'mon now , admit it , you were kinda naughty .
awright . i got me my electric train , mama . i finally got -- hey , what y'all doin ' up there ? !
whatcha wan na stop here for ? not that i ain 't glad to be on the ground , y'understand .
you will command the tankers to sail toward a 50-mile area in the middle of the atlantic ocean .
hey , i 'd definitely shoot color on that one , jimmy . it 'd be a crime to just use black and white .
you ! activate circuits 29 through w7 and start full power coordinates on exterior defensive systems :
that 's what i want to know ! by whom ? whom ? ? ? ?
that 's it ! the last tanker ! they 're all mine now ! all ...
i was . . . uh . . . just wondering about the.. . .the.. . . the uh , arrangements . sleeping arrangements .
you did it . you gave it all up for me . i . . . i don 't know what to say .
clark . . . it doesn 't matter . . . we can move . . .
don 't . . . it 's not your fault . . . you didn 't know . . .
mr. white , the pressroom wants to know how much longer to hold the front page .
and she -- the one you have chosen -- she feels as much for you ?
oh my fullness , as i explained to you before , i am about the best there is . second best there is .
why do you say this to me when you know i will kill you for it ?
hey , let 's be fair . actually , there 've been two or three times --
i 'm the man they 're protecting . i 'm the president . i 'll kneel before you if it will save lives .
hello , lacy . can anybody break a twenty ? the cabbie didn 't have any change .
the president is about to speak . i don 't think it 's going to be good news .
oh , probably just a picture request . i 'll take care of it if you want , lois .
it 's just a bad flu , really . how did you know . . .
gee , uncle lex , i don 't think this guy 's much of a dancer .
of course ! that 's his one vulnerability . the one way he can be stopped .
nifty , huh ? goodnight sweet prince , parting is . . . inevitable now , destroy superman .
there 's some slice american cheese ... and ... a half a bottle of club soda , i think .
i talked to ben hubbard this morning . he 'll be more than glad to bring in the crops on shares .
got all a 's this year . teacher said he 's the best 5th grader in the -
here 's the story on that east 19th street murder spree . page one with a banner headline seems about right to me .
well , gents ? what did i tell you ? it 's a piece of cake .
now who 's the dreamer , superman ? even you can 't fly that fast !
why would he do that ? you didn 't have anything to do with the accident .
hey , billy ! what brings you out on a night like this ? c'mon in . take a load off .
kyle lambston 's a drunk . nobody likes him . he 's a nasty piece of work .
you believe that the bus driven by mrs. driscoll was going at seventy- two miles an hour at this time ?
excuse me , steve . i said namely you shouldn 't go around wild , blaming people without justification .
i could think of better places to meet her , instead of here . he lives on the whole top floor .
... people catch on quick to such an item . van cleve already called me - he 's firing the quintet .
i see bartha gave you cold tongue for supper . hey , wait a minute !
blessings on thee , the both ... well ... got ta run now . see you two kids later !
you in a mood , susie , to run over to milgrim 's later and buy a few new frocks ?
now , come , j.j. , that 's a little too harsh . anyone seems fair game for you tonight .
say hello to sidney falco . tickle him - he 's been a bad boy tonight . he called you my fat friend .
why don 't you answer the man , sidalee ? he 's trying to take you off the hook .
j.j. , i want you to get them back their job , steve and the quintet .
full of beans , ain 't you ? but you know that you 'll stand or fall by what you 're doing now ...
what do you want all of a sudden - lady godiva ... ? where 's my other shoe ?
so what 'll you do if i feel nervous ? you 'll open your meaty , sympathetic arms ... ?
where 's those glossy prints you promised ? tonight 's the latest i can place them -
it 's a habit with me . so now i 'm briefed . so what ?
frank , you don 't listen ! j.j. just told you to shut your mouth !
it 's not my nature , susie , but i 'll talk to you like an uncle ...
and i 'm sorry for you , too , sidney . you 're going down with the ship .
steve , my brother isn 't as bad as he 's painted . he isn 't perfect , but -
but i thought ... aren 't we changing things ? i mean ... right now ? changing the way it goes ?
i 'm right here . i 'm fine . what 's the dog 's name ?
i need a minute here , okay ? you 're telling me it can imitate anything it touches ?
we 're not gon na make it , are we ? people , i mean .
it has helped me a lot to have a goal , something to look forward to .
so what do you think , doctor ? i 've shown a lot of improvement , haven 't i ?
you 're already dead , silberman . everybody here dies . you know i believe that . so don 't fuck with me !
i 'm gon na get that fucking bandleader , colonel . no deal . no fucking deal .
it is now nine o'clock precisely . i do not intend to be kept waiting again .
helmuth alfred rode . second violinist since 1935 . what 's it mean , second violinist ?
good , and according to your questionnaire , helmuth , you never joined the nazi party .
yes . a corporal . us army . a jew . he said he 'd seen the telegram in the chancellery .
no , i was never a nazi , i have no interest in politics , i 'm a musician -
here you go . you 're a bob 's girl now . nancy will check you out .
i 'm going to a movie , kiddo . see ya ' . you and matt have a good time .
compared to me she is . how come you 're not at the cash anymore ? they catch ya steal- ing ?
i 'm dying for a shower . you could use one too . and we 'd better check that bandage .
make sure there 's none on the threads , like this . now screw the end-cap on ... very gently .
okay , let 's see ... got a pos- itive on her . she 's sarah connor , works as a legal --
if they can get this on the tube by eleven , she may just call us . how do i look ?
i only mention it because i took the test this afternoon , down on montgomery street .
i know the owner of campton place . i could talk to him in the morning .
no ! you take another step , i 'll shoot ! they 're trying to kill me ...
how much is it ? a few thousand , at least . a rolex like that ... lucky for you they missed it .
isn 't this what you like ? they told me you had a thing for boats .
all the time i 've known you , you 've never once asked about him .
the children . the children hugh crain built the house for . the children he never had .
welcome home eleanor . welcome home ? i 've never been here . who did this ?
mister very talky , would you please say what it is about this study that bothers you ?
a monster ? but he built this for the woman he loved , like the taj mahal .
i 'll take that as a compliment . in the city , what kind of place do you live in ?
you want to move to new york , you want to move in with me ?
they 're all in here . all the ones he killed . they 're just children ! we have to help them !
i 've lived in l.a. all my life , i 've never done this drive .
you hadda show up on a weekend . this weekend . wouldn't 've even been a gun show ... for another month .
surely you can think of somewhere else to take one of your chippies for a quick getaway .
it 's been five minutes and i 'm packing to leave again . i can 't believe this .
... or maybe i just haven 't played 'em right , i don 't know . but you 're --
... i didn 't recognize you without the smock . did i -- damn -- did i leave something at the shop ?
... it just goes to show , when one door slams shut , another one opens . here 's to ya , uh ...
well , there it is . writ large in legal escriture , next step is --
... it ruined me . this money . no annex . i 'm all shot to hell .
i know all about that . but i don 't know how much to tell them .
i knew about it . big dave told me about it , and the spot he was putting himself in by getting the money .
... look , pal , it 's a tough break , but , uh ... well damnit , your wife 's been pinched .
we all love the museum . i come here myself with my kids . we 're trying to work with you .
i believe in you a hundred percent , vince , but that 's the second time we 've been at that intersection .
that cuthbert . what a piece of work . someone 's dead and all he cares about is his superstition exhibit .
we think it may have something to do with the eggs we found in the crate .
dr. frock , i was wondering . what happened to the rest of whittlesley 's plants ?
there 's something out there ! let 's go get it now ! that 's why we came down here , isn 't it ?
if i spent half the time on my fractal evolution thesis that i spend on this fly rod , i 'd have my phd .
for once i 'm glad you 're rumor central . what in the world is going on ?
that 's a ptarmigan , feigning a broken wing . the bird pretends to be injured to draw the fox away from its nest !
we should remind viewers that truman , especially as a child , presented a challenge for the production .
why do you feel that truman 's never come close to discovering the true nature of his world ?
this 'll pass . everybody thinks like this now and then . come to bed .
you know surprises aren 't good for me . you should really call before you come over , dear .
and you have conclusive evidence of this ? something to tie this claim of yours to the crime --
why was i assigned to you ? to debunk your work . to reign you in . to shut you down .
we began to worry . some of us have traveled so far , and you are the last to arrive .
catherine ? i 'm about to start . if you want me to wait , or ...
what if he wasn 't like this ? what if he was `` normal ? '' conscious . how far would you go ?
remember , julia hickson is priority number one . nothing else matters . find out where she is .
not a gift . a highly evolved area in her cerebral cortex , that 's all . a genetic fluke .
the phoenix office tested that hair thirty minutes ago . and we got the match .
but i could follow it fine . perhaps harry told you about me . my name 's holly martins .
i thought you were going to go away . aren 't the police after you ?
right . sit down miss schmidt , we will send your letters and things back to you .
you know as much as i do , miss schmidt - you were intimate with lime , weren 't you ?
and there was a third man there . i suppose that doesn 't sound peculiar to you .
write her out a receipt , paine . give her a receipt for these letters too .
well , there was only you , and this friend of his . who is he ?
i have no evidence . i saw nothing . i said nothing . it 's not my business .
it would be nice though , if there was a place like that . you know , that no one could get to .
she just went under the water . she was pulled under . oh god , i don 't see her .
but , danny , if hashem is everything , and we are nothing how are we to judge his actions ?
i bet . he didn 't realize that nobody who talks such a good game ever plays one .
you can 't . do you know how many people i 've brought into ... the movement ... ?
look , just light the candles with me . then we 'll eat . you have to eat .
she 's at yale law -- interning with the district attorney ... we 're getting married next spring . in israel .
danny , listen , people expect me to daven ; they don 't want someone they don 't know -- leading their prayers .
i 'm not an intellectual ... . i mean , i read , but ... fund-raising isn 't what i ...
tonight we 're having a little party among ourselves . 8 o'clock in my suite ?
and the lights ! running lights , stealing stretchers ... ! you 'll have us in jail .
in my village , we have a saying : when the wind blows , the flags of all nations flap in the same direction .
is that alcohol ? are you out of your mind ? alcohol is strictly forbidden .
well , if it isn 't the little frenchman ! how is the little frenchman ?
... so , after all these years , you must have lots of questions to ask . am i right ?
no , i have to ask you a favor ... you 're the only one who 'll understand .
what are we going to do ? we 're at least an hour from the front .
when did you guys have this conversation ? when i was in the bathroom ? what else did she have to say ?
oh my god . she 's become my pimp . and she 's whoring her bitch-son out to the highest bidder .
it 's gon na be tough , but the back entrance looks like our best bet .
porno ? you 're tellin ' me that you can get porno on that thing ?
listen cat , i 'll have you know that i hate the taste of watermelon and am a terrible basketball player .
north -- in an arroyo , shot through the head - maybe week ago . no good , skin , everything gone
and here is three tree mesa -- and here i go out of the big arroyo --
jerry told me you were an expert with animals , mr. galbraith . couldn 't you tell where it went ?
you can go now , manning . there is no way we can hold you legally responsible .
i 'm glad you care about us , kicks . sometimes that gets kind of lost in the racket --
confession . i 'm a complete softie . i 've been conscience-stricken and worried sick ever since that leopard got away --
you already know the answer to that . i want this town to be safe and happy again --
it 's a lovely town - it was until we came and let the leopard loose and all this happened .
is this some kind of sick stunt ? let me guess . you want money , right ?
shit ! fuck ! whats fucking wrong with people ! im going to bed . and sweet dreams to you to !
im sorry but mr gluck is not answering , sir . would you like to leave a message ?
10,000 a year to the girl for as long as she looks after the boy ?
this is private property . the public footpath is back to the left of the bridge .
i cant think of a good reason for it - for now anyway . my number if anything happens . whats your sisters number ?
we are so alike , xavier . still , sometimes i wonder which one of us is the ugliest .
alright ... i promise to rest if you promise ... to go back to the battle .
i will ask my voices ... if they come back one day . meanwhile ... i 'm going to compiegne .
it is the sacred place that matters , charles -- not the size . am i correct , bishop ?
take the holy gospels in your hand and swear to tell the whole truth concerning everything you will be asked .
so ... begin by telling us your name -- assuming you 're allowed to tell us that much ?
jeanne -- be careful -- you 're not helping yourself by refusing to submit to our judgment ...
it is for us to determine whether you are a good christian , not you .
i didn 't mean it ! i didn 't know what i was signing ! you tricked me ... !
i ... i don 't know ... it 'll sound like we ... betrayed her ... ?
8,000 . we can 't raise more ... we can only place ourselves at the mercy of your generosity .
jeanne , what are you doing with that ... you 've got it back to front ...
but ... don 't you think we should at least ... go and ... welcome her ?
brilliant idea ... but to be really effective , why not send a whole army of virgins ?
jeanne ... let him do it . one more dead body 's not going to make any difference , so who cares ?
bravo ! what about all the other hundreds of prisoners ? do we let them go too ?
jeanne , let me introduce the king 's half brother , the dogged lord dunois .
physicians are a waste of time . you 'll have more luck with this charm of mine ... it saved my life at agincourt !
jeanne ... the man hasn 't been paid for six months -- that 's his only reward . let him take a few teeth ...
jeanne , if you don 't mind ... i 'll stay standing ... this armor ... it 's a nightmare to get back up ...
who are you to even think you can know the difference between good and evil ? are you god ?
i 'm not lying , i ... i can 't remember ... leave me alone !
no ! i don 't want to know anymore ! leave me alone ! i didn 't kill that man !
there 's nothing for me to do here anymore ... i don 't belong here i want to be with him now ...
good , good . and your sister ... catherine -- she 's still your best friend ?
and , please , tonight , for once , i don 't want anything bad talked about . let 's enjoy our meal .
i thought you 'd be off on tour , playing london , paris , new york ?
no , no , no , i 'm staying put . if i 'm going to die , i prefer to die at home .
i 'm sorry , i did my best , i thought the certificates would save us all .
they want more money . they are trying to make two days out of it ?
the wallet . you got ta go after him . he 's got all the money .
i know i give him four threes . we can 't let him get away with that .
then he drove me home . he tried to put himself away as legit , so i went right into the pitch .
all you got ta do is show up with some money and look like a fool .
lonnegan 's a fast egg , henry . he 's not gon na sit still for a standard play .
a half mill on an eight to one shot . you 're dumber than i thought , lonnegan .
your boss is quite a card player , carver . how does he do it ?
a week 's a long time , friend . anything can happen . all of it bad .
take it easy . everything 's all right . i put it on syphon , on the nose .
what could happen to him , darling ? you mustn 't worry ... . what is it ?
darling , don 't cry . please . i know it 's terrible . but isn 't it really better this way ?
i just wanted to relieve your mind . your father 's alive and all right .
well , i 've got my alibi . i was at the public library . where were you ?
but it must have been wynant . i should have known if it weren 't his voice .
chris may be at the club -- or somewhere -- i don 't see that it 's important --
because i don 't believe that clyde 's dead ! why , you said yourself you saw him last night .
i can 't lie here . i 've got to get up and trim that darned christmas tree .
you idiot ! asta ! stop that ! get down ! now , stay there .
that 's what mr. wynant said to me . if she re-married , all the money was to go to the children .
like learning arabic ? you 're gon na learn arabic you might as well learn were we can get something to eat around here .
well , based on my knowledge of the region , its culture and her people i would have to say it 's a box .
you got no reason to hit me . i 'm getting tired of you and jaeger pushing me around .
i don 't care what he says , he wanted our gold . would have slit our throats if he had the chance .
we are not at war ! you and i and jaeger are awol . we have no authority --
they 'll kill you . you won 't make it ten feet before they cut you down .
don 't worry about jaeger . he uses his personality as a form of birth control .
you all want to lay off ? god . i hope the iraqis shoot me ; put me out of my misery .
you 're such a pussy , you know that ? how 'd you get in the army ?
but that 's the great thing about gold . a little goes a long way .
figure they don 't want to mess with us anymore than we want to mess with them .
when we start running suck up your breath . you 're going to get the wind knocked out of you .
i didn 't have to stop anything , 'cause nobody was going to do nothing . we 're in this together , understand ?
well , it 's iraq . i 'm not sure , but i 'm guessing that has something to do with them being here .
not enough . we 're out numbered and out gunned . they 'd cut us to shreds .
all right . you go up , i 'll send up the gold , then follow .
we can 't just sit here . we 've got to start moving , so pick .
we can head back for our lines , and they don 't even have to know about the gold .
that 's if the war is even still going on . way things were shaping up it 's probably long over .
well , this is it . we get the car , find some americans . we find americans we 'll be all right .
the longer the air force hits the iraqis , the safer it'ii be for us when we have to engage .
that 's it . it 's over . eighteen hours into the war and it 's over .
this is too much . you don 't even have the money and you 're wasting it .
so we 'll take him with us . at least 'til we get back to the hummer .
maybe we ought to ... you know , bury him . say some words over him .
what do you think you 're doing ? you 're going to get us arrested .
he 's coming back for the rest of us . he can 't make it alone .
we must escape . we have plans . we can leave . we must wait until ...
this one has eyes . why did they leave your eyes ? could you ever ... .
high-grade det cord . this girl , either she 's got strange taste in jewelry or she 's into serious demolition .
sorry about that . that 's an inch of the stuff , imagine what the whole thing 'd do .
the place has already be combed . forensics pulled over a hundred sets of prints inside .
looks like the stuff my dad used to use to blow up tree stumps back in scranton .
you were lucky today , vice boy . captain said to leave it alone , but just remember , i 'm watching you .
unsolved bombings in the last year ... boston , new york , philadelphia ... but no real match
that guy 's wife must be pretty pissed off to play a trick like that .
that 's one more time than any of the rest of us have seen it .
reilly , what 's happening ? reilly ! reilly ! do not engage . we 're five minutes-
pardon me , m'sieu . madame colet would like to see you in the living room .
the representative of the police wants to know how much money you had , m'sieu filiba .
we 've put together the world 's largest database on the titanic . okay , here ...
so let me get this right . you were gon na kill yourself by jumping off the titanic ? that 's great !
it was once worn by louis the sixteenth . they call it le coeur de la mer , the --
where are you going ? to him ? is that it ? to be a whore to that gutter rat ?
i saw that in a nickelodeon once , and i always wanted to do it .
i believe you are blushing , mr. big artiste . i can 't imagine monsieur monet blushing .
i can still feel its weight . if you could have felt it , not just seen it ...
rose , tell us more about the diamond . what did hockley do with it after that ?
i don 't understand you . it is a fine match with hockley , and it will insure our survival .
but , anya , dear ! unless you play we won 't have a fourth .
i can think of nothing nicer . it 's very kind of you to invite me --
-- that 's what we call double-a grade lumber , ma'am ; you don 't find a knot in a thousand feet .
you 're lucky -- out my way , in montana , there 's nothing else to do --
hmm ! so am i . if you 'll excuse me i have some important unfinished business . i 'll see you all later .
we haven 't any chips , mr. brett -- do you mind playing with cash ?
quick , let me have that money . i 'm broke and i 'll need it for tips .
have the purser give you twenty-five hundred dollars for this check -- and bring the cash here .
thought you might need me -- don 't talk , kid , and don 't let him scare you --
mmmmmmmmmhm ... . now , jimmy , what were you doing in that corridor before the shots were fired ?
hey , boy -- give this man a cablegram blank . where is your wife ?
tell her you 're on your way to france and will be back in four weeks .
you can always tell how much a man 's traveled by the way he plays shuffle-board .
i know he is . you change those clothes and then come to my cabin . i 'll expect you around twelve o'clock .
skinny lunger , your guns don 't impress me . wasn 't for those guns you 'd be nothin ' .
i saw that look on your face just now . what 's between you and wyatt ?
there 's no god , there 's no devil , i hate the god damn world ! i want to die !
i want you to know it 's over . we 're leaving and we 're not coming back .
i calculate that 's the end of this town . and let 's don 't bother about the luggage , darling .
drunks . crawfished a bet , called him a liar . i saw the whole thing .
maybe you ought to have a talk with doc , wyatt . i don 't know if he 's gon na make it .
but i 'd do it , i 'd get that one into him . so help me god , i would .
we 're the law , ain 't we ? well the law don 't ride around vermin-
i ain 't your brother , i ain 't none of your damn brothers . move !
give him some good exercise ? sure some stud . some string in fact . what 're you gon na do , race 'em ?
you were right . it 's nothin ' like i thought . i almost wish ...
dropped him , that was it . sorry if i made a worse mess for you .
well that 's your problem . hey virge , see anything of doc while you were in prescott ?
billy clanton , wes fuller , and billy claiborne . now there 's six of 'em . this is like a bad dream .
always nice to meet one of her majesty 's fellow subjects ... especially one with such distinguished friends .
still , i do miss her . i only wish she could have lived to see all this .
by the way - what is it that brings you to kuala lumpur , mister bond ?
i must say , q , you seem to be doing rather well in your retirement .
a wedding band ? ? ? what am i supposed to be able to do with this ?
what now ? and don 't give me some movie clich like 'trust me . '
- along with tomorrow - the first world-wide newspaper . circulation 27 million . daily . -
you 're to wear this mask at the venice carnival , and wait to be contacted .
... . i hate to ask , but ... did you ever think you 'd miss communism ?
but if elliot harmsway is involved with that uranium , i want him prosecuted to the ends of the earth .
linda , how come you don 't see that sunny puts his shoes on right ?
don 't pick up the cards if you are not in the game . did he die ?
my mind plays tricks on me . is it okay if i take a bath now ?
you know , babe brother 's wife just dumps greens in the pot without washing them .
let us go back in before the night of celebration becomes a night of me killing my son .
it 's the boy next door throwing at his birds . i 'm just waiting on him to hit a pane in the window
one can tell you are from back home . these people nowadays don 't know what manners are .
can you watch gideon for a while ? one of the girls is going into labor . junior is going to drive me over .
hocker 's death almost caused a race riot . a lot of innocent people could have been hurt behind that .
i don 't know if we could take one in with rhonda and me at home alone at times .
an empty wagon makes a lot of noise and you , tappy head , you ain 't worth the salt you put in greens .
you shouldn 't talk about the boy 's father in front of him . this is family business and we have to pull together .
come on down , guys . it 's time for games ! we 've got prizes !
uh , let what ? i don 't -- uh , what do you mean ? who ?
whoooooah ! oh ! bo ! there 's got ta be a less painful way to get my attention .
he 's not a space ranger ! he doesn 't fight evil or shoot lasers or fly --
listen , lightsnack , you stay away from andy . he 's mine , and no one is taking him away from me .
and another thing . stop with this spaceman thing . it 's getting on my nerves .
it 's not working . i recharged it before i left . it should be good for hours --
i think you 've had enough tea for today . let 's get you out of here , buzz .
where 's my ear ? who 's seen my ear ? did you see my ear ?
well , obviously she wanted to have the party before the move . i 'm not worried . you shouldn 't be worried .
good going , slink ! now , just , just tie it on to something !
shouldn 't they be there by now ? what 's taking them so long ? !
sargent . establish a recon post downstairs . code red . you know what to do .
mission accomplished . well done , men . pack it up , we 're going home .
don 't fret . it 's only his dream . dreams aren 't catching , not like measles .
even if that were true , they 're not going to come to your house where you 're waiting for them .
you expect me to be grateful for spending the rest of my life looking over my shoulder .
relax . if they were going to kill us they would have done it in the desert .
no , thank you . i 'll proceed directly to the intravenous injection of hard drugs , please .
besides , i can 't believe you 'd kill me for a field of empty holes .
don 't you worry , captain . we 'll beat those klingon devils even if i have to get out and push .
she 's got partial power , sir . i might be able to take two of you .
oh . i believe we are required to engage in a ritual known as the singalong .
when he encouraged others to follow him , he was banished from vulcan , never to return .
they can 't be serious . the ship 's in pieces and we 've less than a skeleton aboard .
no , no , no . scotty - scotty ... there 's so much i want to tell you .
not if my tron program was running . that would seal the system off . if your file 's in there ...
oh , i know all that . sometimes i wish i was back in that garage ...
we 're on our way . alan-one gave me the coding we need to go up against master
the mcp blasted it ... there are very few domains left with any power at all .
don 't even say that . you 've got to find that file before he does..
hey , you know anybody who wants to get hold of some video games ... cheap ?
yes ... it can take us across the sea of simulation ... all the way out of the game grid ... to the mcp .
and the second you left there , we started getting calls to the * ghost numbers . they were checking out the renquist front .
immediate roll . acquire subject at k street and key bridge . * vehicle is red-and-white * convertible . you have six minutes .
okay . okay . de-nail ain 't just a river in egypt . she 's probably stealing the money to pay for an abortion .
what ? it 's on the way . she says she 's got something for me .
look at the way the little punk is driving . he 's all over the place . look -- he hasn 't signalled once .
i 'd like to remind you that it has been ten years since you were actually in one of these .
i 've always been a collector at heart . when i see something i want , i have to have it .
how 'd it go at the trade show ? you make all the other salesmen jealous ?
i need you to talk to dana . the vice principle called and she cut class again this afternoon .
look , i know you 're upset . i 'm really sorry , honey . i raced home as quick --
so , a little excitement in an otherwise dull day . did is work out okay ?
... you should have seen your father , standing there all covered with spaghetti sauce . he looked like such a dope .
i 'm pretty hungry . when i went to the store i was gon na get some ding-dongs .
tell him not to eat anything . we 're gon na scarf when we get there .
oooooh , you look so cute in your little cowboy outfit . how old were you then ?
it 's been fun thinking about the money but i can walk away from it , honey .
nigger , get real . you touch jayne kennedy she 'll have you ass in wayne county so fast -
well , if we 're not gon na do it , let 's just get in the car and get the fuck outta here .
look , i don 't know this is pretty heavy-duty , so if you wan na explode , feel free .
don 't blow it , elliot . he 's bluffin ' . he just told you so himself .
looky here , you want the bitches to really fly high , make your rocks with cherry seven-up .
we want tough minded people . strong mentally . we 've had some ... misfortunes with `` unstable '' types .
wow , a guy in a chevy is chasing her and some other guy i can 't see .
did something terrible happen to you when you were a child ? something so bad ... ?
look , i 'm warning you . you do anything , i 'm going to go crazy -- hurt people !
james ! that 's a policeman . pretend you don 't know me . if he sees you ...
but maybe i 'm wrong . maybe you 're wrong . maybe we 're both crazy .
don 't forget to open it for me . i can 't be opening my own bottle .
you want to take a look at my car ? i think the radiator hose is --
that wasn 't so bad . what 's thirty- some-thousand to rich folks like you ? it didn 't hurt a bit .
it 's very nice of you to help me . that package is kind of heavy , and it 's so hot .
sheriff potter , please . i can 't go to jail . i wanted no part of it .
is that the kind of girl you think i am ? what can i do to make you relax ?
don 't be afraid of him none . i don 't care what he does to you , we can still be together .
john , what a surprise . i expected to be seeing you , not talking to you over the phone .
fucking kid . and look at you ; breaking fucking pencils . you 're a neanderthal .
that 's what this is all about ? a shakedown ? you picked the wrong people . we don 't have any money .
don 't forget to open it for me . i can 't be opening my own bottle .
don 't be afraid of him none . i don 't care what he does to you , we can still be together .
you want to take a look at my car ? i think the radiator hose is --
it 's very nice of you to help me . that package is kind of heavy , and it 's so hot .
i like them . i was sick of looking at this room . i think they add a little life .
don 't you think i would 've done it if i wanted to ? what can i do to make you relax , baby ?
well , he offered , and i just couldn 't refuse . his car overheated .
where 's the fire sweetheart ? don 't know how they work things in nevada , but we got speed limits in this state .
he 's just laying in bed . he 's pretty upset . he won 't talk .
listen . i got to be on the sidelines during the game ... you can get to your seat by taking the stairwell at --
you are in the emergency room of the university of pennsylvania hospital . you were in a serious accident . how 's your vision ?
we 're going to prevent any substantial atrophy of your good leg with this . it works the quadriceps .
if they was just here for the fuckin ' , how come they lit out the back window ?
i didn 't mean ... with me . alice and silky , they 'll give you one ... if you want .
charley , see what kind of `` books '' mister beauchamp is packing ... but watch you don 't get wet .
she could maybe clean up around the place or somethin ' , but nobody 's gon na pay good money for a cut-up whore .
that is you there , ain 't it , bob ? the duck of death ?
you shot charlie pepper , didn 't you ? and you 're the one killed william harbey an ' robbed the train over ...
well , we was . like you said , i changed my mind an ' ...
now ned 's a hell of a shot with a rifle . hell , he can hit a bird in the eye flyin ' .
well , this here 's ned logan ... ned , this here 's the schofield kid , nephew of pete sothow an ' ...
clouds , kid . we was lookin ' at them clouds on account of we got a storm ridin ' up our ass .
not dope . something else . some what ? .. he doesn 't knob what they were buying . but not dope ... people .
forget him . it 's not important . i was trying to make a point .
fuck you . i'11 never shit right again . so who did it ? own up .
it 's bullshit . this guy could be l.a.p.d . i think it 's a setup .
sure . fifteen years ago , but he was a good thief anyway , the cops wouldn 't let him go legit .
no , actually , she was referred to me . she was dr. hagman 's patient ...
objection ! this is ri ... expect us to accept a photocopy , we have the original right ...
if i could accept the offer right now , i would . they took it back .
are you saying that a failure to restore the heartbeat within nine minutes in itself constitutes bad medical practice ?
well , well , when can we meet again . i 'd like to get a deposition..
we got a mistrial , you know . joe -- did you hear what i said ... ?
we just can 't do it anymore . this is our chance to get away .
lucky for me you were wandering about . thank you again . i 've been terrible bother to you .
somewhere in here i was born ... and here i died and it was only a moment for you ... you took no notice ...
now . i look up , i look down . i look up , i look down . nothing to it .
if you ever touch my minivan again , i 'll make you sorry . real sorry .
her blood is all over the bathroom . i 'd say that 's a bit of a dna problem .
you got some mighty fucking fine bad timing adam . we got a rehearsal situation here .
all right . let 's all go back in . adam ? you 're cool right ?
the past is the past . today is the beginning of the rest of our lives .
it goes ; `` today is the first day of the rest of our lives . ''
okay . here 's the deal and it 's a good one . lois is cool . it 's a pacified situation .
it 's okay ... it 's okay baby . cry for mama . cry for mama .
i appreciate it . i do , but ... maybe you ought to just ease up om yourself a bit .
liz do you take fisher to be your beloved husband , to respect , honor and cherish him till death do you part ?
when i wasn 't so miserable i used to sell pigs . begging your pardon , i was more honest than my holy mother .
they 've got a real hen house here ! you can 't hear yourself speak .
if you like , i will come with you tomorrow to the village when you leave .
i should like you to do something for me . it 's an innocent sort of thing but i 'm very set on it .
uncle , you mustn 't think that i won 't be sad to leave you .
i 'll box your ears if you don 't show some respect for the dead ! you mustn 't play under this tree .
but why does he want to see me ? he has never bothered about me .
i have no desire to see the world again , but if you order me to ...
she has the face of an angel . what a pity you can 't see her .
she saved your life , parker . she didn 't have to , but she did .
i need to know what snapped in you . what made you capable of it . you have to make me understand .
this is getting you pumped up , isn 't it ? this is like the world series to you .
you can 't die until you tell me where the c-4 is . where is it ? !
three minutes . it couldn 't have been over three minutes , the secret service ...
on the gas station owner , who has retreated to his counter and produces a shotgun , and starts to load it .
i got ta get something , i got ta get ... shoes ? ties ? hats ... ? good . good .
headshots . girls to play the girl in our footage . i like the sorrowful one . anybody else ... . ?
who the hell 's out there ? what are the arbs saying ? it 's got ta be a big hitter .
nice piece of work , fox . why don 't you join me and the partners for lunch tomorrow in the dining room ?
... leave me alone willya . only thing makes me feel good anymore . spaghetti . she makes lousy spaghetti ...
dad , you know duncan wilmore , pilot 's union , and toni carpenter , flight attendants ...
more money than you ever dreamed , roger . and the thing is no one gets hurt ... how bout a beer ?
the art of which is deception . spread the buy orders through different accounts and you won 't get burned ...
and i 'd like to introduce you to mr. gekko , and his lawyer , mr. salt .
gordon , it 's two minutes to close . what do you want to do ? ! decide .
i love you , baby . did i tell you that sometime in the last 24 hours ?
he had a heart attack , hon , but he 's okay , he 's at the hospital ...
you got a look in your eye , mr. mannheim ... you got something for the small fry ...
you 're on a roll kiddo . enjoy it while it lasts -- 'cause it never does .
with all due respect , mr. gekko , what 's to prevent you from doing the same thing ?
well that 's for me to know - but i did enjoy rubbing oil all over that big .
well if you 're in such a rush darling , why don 't you lead the way ?
we wish to commune with the spirit of mrs. feur . what 's her first name ?
i ask only that you stay here , long enough to be - educated . a few hours .
i - r saw him as a child . lots of times ... but no one else did .
always give the crovd a taste , darling . now - ryan said i 'm supposed to make sure -
did you like it ... ? looking down at graham and knowing what you could do ... ?
aaron was in the dream . a dream tilled with spirits . you killed him , didn 't you ... ?
the portraits , lasher . why are the witches always before a door ... ? tell me , lasher . now !
rowan and i will be together now . my time has come . your time is gone .
i am your son . i would not wound you . i could not - ever .
you touched him -- - and saw him ... ? what was he doinging . kinky ... ?
michael - i have to go - to new orleans . i 'll - i 'll call yati when i -
even if it 's all true - that doesn 't make you a witch ! it 's 1992 , rowan !
gee - look at that . i didn 't know alligators came this far up on shore
you 've gone away from me , ro ... someplace i don 't know how to get to .
sooner or later you 're gon na run out of things to change . you always do .
'leave bees be - and the bees be nice . ' didn 't your father ever teach you that ... ?
a few hours and i 'll be wasting away in margaritaville . oh , sweet decadance .
mikey - pregnant women get crazy you know that . i mean - hell , they 're all crazy anyway - right ... ?
i 've got a tenant coming over later - can i take the afternoon off ?
i thought we had a relationship built on trust - and you just slap me in the face ...
you don 't own him you know - you can 't tell me not to see him !
i 'd watch her mate - she has thing for men - they disappear near her .
good - i 've got to dash - say that i said hello to ellen for me would you ...
this is like my every wet dream come true . i don 't even care that you 're here , too , bro .
a couple of boys fighting over a pair of red silk panties is nothing compared to what he 's seen .
naked girls , wild sex , video games . no wonder it 's called `` heaven . ''
we can 't accept it . it 's much too expensive . right , dear ?
we think you should give up the magazine . sell it . let someone else run it . whatever it takes .
but those are our dreams , son . we have to make them come true .
i paid off the mortgage ! i ordered that winnebago you always wanted ! now you 're ashamed of me ?
i 'm no stranger to the notion of philanthropy . andrew carnegie has long been one of my idols .
a good journalist can take lemons and make lemonade . i 'm honing my craft .
the parties are held in here when the weather dips below seventy . which is seldom .
oh no . no way . i 've had all the bad news i can take for one day .
and when you turned her toward the door , where did you expect her to go , without a car ?
that would make it about the time of her old man 's suicide . you don 't think that could explain some erratic behavior ?
same as him . they saw her come . they saw her go . they saw him follow .
that 's what they called it when i was in juvenile . it 's a pretty dismal place .
which she might have saved , if she hadn 't set out to destroy the man 's life .
i 'm gon na take you back to the office . will you put out a call on suzie 's car for me ?
her grandmother said she 'd been threatening to run away . and i found the car at the miami bus terminal .
you didn 't tell me you were gon na put me on the fucking news .
or maybe she thought that was what she wanted and she got a little more than she bargained for ...
am i right , did sam sell you on the idea right up front , of whacking suzie ? that 's murder , kelly .
okay , try me on sunday . i 'm going out to the everglades on saturday . you guys can wash the mud off .
god , you scared the shit out of me . you must be crazy coming here .
from now on , if we 're seen together , it 's got to be accidental . i thought that was understood ...
i 'm sorry , kelly . i 'm sorry it had to happen like this . she was losing it ...
it 's celine . he 's okay . he had a pretty good line on what cheap fucks people are .
you ought to watch it with that shit , suzie . you get busted again , you go back in a two-tine loser .
you ... i should 've killed you myself . should never have left it up to him ...
why don 't you tell us one more time , how kelly came to be with you , alone in your house .
grab a clue , sam . you 're a hired hand around here . enjoy it while it lasts .
you 're quite the wordsmith , fiddle boy . but nobody smooth-talks his way into my assignment .
could i just point out , this is a perfect example of the criminal mind exploiting modern invention .
so the idea is if a guy punches me , he really hurts his hand ?
what if these tracks are just leading us to an indian village or some old coot 's mining claim ?
pull the balloon right in front of him ! we 'll board the damn thing !
you must excuse the doctor . no one has ever beaten him at his little game .
don 't try to bamboozle me , colonel . has another scientist been kidnapped or not ?
mr. president , good to see you again , sir . sorry about all that .
but what would anyone have to gain from all this ... ? unless it were a foreign power .
... well , of course you can . mr. president , what a surprise . what brings you here ?
why don 't we just cut this routine short ? whatever you do to us , we 're not going to talk .
we 're going into battle , little one . find a woman to take care of it .
it 's you they 're after , madmarti- gan . what did you do this time ?
and give her a bath everyday , and don 't let her get cold . and keep her diaper changed .
now willow , i know you 're gon na blame me for this but it wasn 't my fault ... !
i did it ! madmartigan ! come here ! look ! you got ta see this ! i did it !
elves ! they 're always tormenting babies . they make them cry and take their tears .
this can 't be right . this isn 't a sorceress . this is some kind of animal .
didn 't you hear me , book ? pull ! you never had your hands on a teat before ?
either you 're a member of the club or you aren 't , elton . tell me what you know ...
weird , man . no fuckin ' electricity . what do you figure they plug all their shit into ?
no ! no -- no ! here -- you can have your old slippers -- but give me back toto .
that dog 's a menace to the community . i 'm taking him to the sheriff and make sure he 's destroyed .
well -- i would never 've found it if it hadn 't been for you .
oh , that 's too bad . don 't you think the wizard could help him , too ?
the ruby slippers ! what have you done with them ? give them back to me , or i 'll -- -
from now on , we 're on enemy ground . you should have something to protect yourself with .
what 's that ? what 's that ? take it away - take it away - take it away !
... the door ! open the door ! open the door ! open the door ! open the door !
did you hear that ? he 'll announce us at once ! i 've as good as got my brain !
oh , don 't worry about me . i 'm all right . we must worry about dorothy .
oh , i hate to think of her in there . we 've got to get her out .
dislocated collar bone . if any more tendons snap ... it wont just be two weeks out of action .
elektra ? running king industries ? ive known that girl all her life . im not sure she knows what shes walking into .
not the usual swiss procedure , mr . bond , but you understand , a man in my position..
revenge isnt so hard to fathom . whats clever is getting someone else to pay for it .
the way i acted , in the snow ... you must think im a coward .
if this little show is for my benefit , ill take you home right now .
i understand its normally good practice to get the feel of the cards before going off the deep end .
you knew when you first saw me . you knew it would be like this .
why are you like this ? because bond is dead ? its what you wanted .
then it 's going to happen . the world 's going to end . -- and you 've always known .
okay , okay . you made your choice . you went underground . some of us made other choices .
how do we know they 've got cancer ? could be part of massive propaganda scheme . . .
sorry , daniel . you 've always been a good friend . i know that . sorry about laurie .
they 're degenerates . there 's not a man in there that would give a damn if the chinese took over .
ten is hardly worth the effort . we 're talking a lousy million five u.s .
i can 't let this happen . i want you to go out the back . i 'll make up some excuse .
don 't you see , x ? for the betterment of humanity , he 's going to start world war three .
i can 't believe my mission is finally over . i don 't even know what to do with myself .
miniature power cams set in on contact , giving you a sure grip on any surface .
now that i 've given you the overview , we 're going to spend the next couple hours going into extensive operational detail .
i remember that one where you jump the motorcycle over the freeway at rush hour .
we seen all your shit ! so you want cars ? we get whatever cars you need . what are you looking for ?
i don 't believe it ! you can 't shoot a cop in the middle of the street !
screw the world . if i 'm gon na die for something , it better be bitches and money .
whatever you do to me ... no matter what you 'll make me right . every word i have spoken will be confirmed .
forty-eight hours , old man . but if you cross me , i won 't feel any guilt about what i do to you .
why ? you have a home here now , if you want it . everyone will ...
this checkmate goes to you . i didn 't want to hurt anyone . but you leave me no choice .
i wouldn 't really have let you die , you know . i just needed ...
i think we all need a good night 's sleep . why don 't we meet next week and thrash this thing out ?
herr falkstein ! did you inform frederick frankenstein of this assembly and all the particulars of the time and place ?
poor delbruck ! there must be some way to reach him -- to control that body .
i 'm not that sort you know . i appreciate you feelings , but try to show them some other way .
what 's the point of my setup ? it 's not funny unless you repeat exactly what you said .
it 's alive . it 's -- moving ! it 's -- breathing ! it 's -- standing ! what is your name ?
the only reports of enemy activity have come from the direction of the royal kraal , at ulundi .
